IS

Want grandpa
and people
people and slaves
people and people, people
and servants
everyone everyone
Book







2





i am

[of]
| Figure 6

Fortunately, this is not 35.



















army headquarters

ASEAN Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Defense Navy
railway of thailand
Ministry of Digital Economy and Society



Are you guaranteed to get it?

certainly

If you can't take it off, return it immediately

80% won

Postal service! Postal service!
































































































































































Country Region | Target Type Target Name Domain Name Sample Data Volume "| Data Type Sample Date Permission Description Permission Group Remarks
Group 2

Avoid bases and thrive CME Group om AR-present

Kazakhstan operator kcell communication company kcellkz 820GB call bill, user list 2019-2021 full control of the intranet, file server, responsibility server, etc. "Can provide real-time call bill query, user information query set

Kyrgyzstan |Pawnbroker|meeacom is doing - group

Comes with leather finisher. Government Two Wo ET Wake Up RISEEREE ET

ET | Yafu 2xia agovmy 85G8 belongs to | atoU GT | Ministry of Public Service Group 2 | There is a limited edition of this target, and there is a regional version of some powerful copies.

Originally owned by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Government [TI 65968 | Documentation Department | 202101- 202112 | Components, Records and Documents | has authority over this project. Samples of literati with partial targets

Decentralized brown Sa9MB EC submission oil04 |Print rights, intranet machine, life

Mongolia Government Ministry of Foreign Affairs mfagovmn 2.37GB. Email. 2021.12 Email permissions, intranet permissions group

nepal government doing a group

Taiwan Medical National Taiwan University Hospital ntuh govtw patient proportion data group

Canadian Dollar Marking Machine|cf Rencun E

Turkey Science and Technology Research Council tubitak govtr 421KB. Datasheet 2020 Mail. Set

Degree medical treatment. FREETTIER is doing it. E

India devolution plus false entry and exit ucr 52GB datasheet 2020. . |Temple Inquiry India's Out and II Information Level 1. |This is the entry and exit information of non-Indian and Indian passengers. The main fields are: name, flight number 3, Visa number, entry and exit time.
Group 2

Xia Jisuo and Ou Feng 1 0 2070 [ii =

Only Ben Kejitan eeine communications company eainele 6ayGe voice, user list |. 2019-2020. |The intranet is under control, and the call bill data can be recorded. Because there are too many control devices on the intranet, the data cannot be queried on a big star. The positioning data is still being found =Group

The second copy is downloaded by Sa [aa GE is called the user committee | 3009- 5020 | The volume is extended, the file service is booming, attack Li Huajia-and so on. Short full voice real-time local subscription positioning, user machine and local subscription = next

Hawei page can be attacked [aeam 25768 language merge-user table | 202105 intranet is completely crowded, this operation party provider is to increase the call operation C, and also short-supply and compromise the host, as well as post-control and other emergencies | The main character is people. Name, department box, underground-mobile phone is available-this person is

Kazakhstan's ET 926B Username 201912 | Intranet Full Control "Users can ask for their current base, certificate, address, phone number three times | Science and technology main characters; name, phone number, address and

Malaysia DlGI Communications Company 89.5GB CDR, base station table 2021.05. Intranet full control Group 2 Main fields: call ID, location longitude and latitude, etc.

E Garden Table Education Foundation 1.23GB. User table 2020.06 Intranet full control Group 2

Qinguo Xintong PR [wa 768 ET 202006 | Intranet basic to Sanmei | The main characters of this book are Daxinyi, Dayuwujicun

Personally return to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs mhaego by 3.336B email 202105- 202709 | returned to the server estimate three knots

Thailand National Intelligence Agency mia.go .th 326MB. Email 2022.01. Postal service authority, details unknown Group 2
Three groups

Return to ER [ee ET file Jianren 0 [二分Xiahouhouguoshihetongquan|Leihe Village Shuchang Erfond Fengtong Sunsheng Chimin avoids the separation of the middle son's uncle and K Guangzhi

France Sciences Po [sciencespof 723MB. File, email 2011.01- 2021.04_ | Specific permissions are not clear, please ask. Email data for Panlouis Rocca, Vincentfertey

Xin Bo sent E [smefeovi There are hundreds of machines in the city to run the human world.

Lu Danda Bureau of Investigation ribrw ordered three machines in the domain, and there are hundreds of machines in the domain. Give

Rwanda's moh gov.rw intranet controls three machines and hundreds of machines and office networks in the domain.

Yes, there is mindefmy mail service authority EREIEIEIEEEE

There is sme Guanzhike ET office granting power to Rong group | attack business

E EEEE iconemm Office authority days

E Police gave to Poloeeovmm ER

Nepal Nepal Telecom ntcnetnp, 2.26GB data sheet 2021.05. Office network permissions, core network permissions group

Nijinglikai.com ve 36 components 50210656 | Postal and offline access to government departments across the country

Taiwan National Taiwan University Institute of Applied Mechanics mail.iamntu edu-tw Intranet permissions have been lost, there are hash passwords and webshell groups

Taiwan Tamkang University tku .edu tw 6.9GB Mail 2022.01. Mail service permission group

E mofgoth office computer

Thailand Senate [senate goth 144MB news. 2021.12.31. Mail service permission group

The E picture only has the authority of the ET main site. When the two powers of Taigong are powerful, the server can be detailed.

Thailand Office of the State Council mailkrisdikagoth Two machine permissions group in the domain

Four books [3 moigo is given by partial server authority and Hongfu authority

Personally return to the Ministry of Commerce mocgoth EREEERRIREEEHTSN Wang

Xiangjiang Zhu Qiandong Xia Mei Ruan [weeduh main site authority. Li Gongwang is great at learning, and postal service skills must be refined.

Xiangjiang Chechen Caiyu University Ch 6 can have second station permission. Li Gong died in imperial service EREEEEEEEETEEESEEEETITEX jade

Hong Kong University of Science and Technology of Science and Technology thk 48G8 Filed, ready to be written 21 | Some departments are not yet in charge of civil rights.

Xiangjiang Xiangshui people are very popular [ET BiaMB | Tianbenmei. Immediately made | 3200910-200T69 | Main website Yu Er Office Aji University-Fashion Service Public Administration | This shows that there are too many targets to support the government. Ou Guoguang

Chehong Che Qian Zhongfen big characters [aeaum 5M to Liuhe 01912 | Partial defense PC public with short | Sample main fields; Bamboo name, ugly and waiting

hkcu arehk on Xiangjiang 72kB Jiben table, file | Question 0-5202 | All members of Qina Fenghe Quan have 560 rocks, part of Taigong has the same rights - Wengong District three | This book is mainly to give way to basic information, mainly I limit, Staff timeboxes, skynet, underground and

Hong Kong Law Examination and Assessment Bureau keaaeduhk 27oke user table 20210 |Heren Station Ren Renlue Ren PKC Dahang 900 Ren 1000, there are all candidates? Ren SN Xi = Hong Kong is responsible for the institution responsible for the high school entrance examination and other level examinations, the main fields of the sample: name, Email, address, etc.

Yu 2 [aa ET

Sidurang Government Ministry of Foreign Affairs emiugoid ZE to ET

Vietnam Government Supreme People's Court mailtoaan govwn office network permissions, three groups of backend machines in the domain















































































































































Home area | Target type Target name Domain name Sample data volume "| Data type Sample date Permission description Original permission group Remarks
A group
Myanmar MPT Communications Company 11GB. Call bill 2020.06- 2021.09_|Unknown permissions A group of sample data is the user’s basic profile information, the main fields; mobile phone number, name
Hong Kong Operator CSL Communications Company 82.3MB. User Table 2020.06- 2021.11 | Unknown permissions Group 2 Main fields: Owner’s mobile phone number, account number, social security number, address, etc.
Government of India, Ministry of Home Affairs, Presidency Po 5.49GB, PC file 2021.04- 2021.10_| All machines capable of producing documents are in one set. The samples are documents from multiple offices of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Group 2
Myanmar Government Government Department Postal Service on e-mofa.gov.mm 1.06GB Email 2021.05.26, Unknown permissions Group 2
Three groups
Hong Kong Education Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood adplctc.org 89.4MB. User table 2021.05 Permissions lost Main fields: Personnel name address, company information, physical condition, etc.
Hong Kong Government College Entrance Examination Student Data 430MB. Email 2017-2020 Permissions lost Main fields: User’s email, address, name, phone number, website, etc.
Vietnam Government Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security molisa_ gov.vn permission has been lost, there is a hash
soft open
Operator 2TB. CDR 2016- 2018 Permission lost Soft open Sample main fields: bid, type, payment information` service process, country code, work code, etc.
Antao Cloud 3.31GB. Data sheet Permission loss Soft opening Name, address, phone number, etc.
Kazakhstan | Antao Cloud 14.8GB data sheet permission loss soft opening name, address, etc.
South Korea Antoyun Population Korea_99, 10.5MB. Data table Permission lost Soft open: name, address, phone number, birthday and other information
South Korea Antao Cloud population data 14.7GB. Data table permission loss soft open main data fields: name, address, phone number, etc.
South Korea Operator LG U+ Operator 3TB, CDR 2019- 2021 | Permission Lost Soft Open
Myanmar Antao Cloud operator data 4.03GB. Data table permission loss soft open main data fields: phone number, etc.
Taiwan Antao Cloud population data 17GB. Data table permission loss soft open Main data fields: name, email, address, phone number, etc.
Taiwan Operator VIBo Communications Company 2.23GB User Table Permission Lost Soft Open Main Fields: Owner ID, phone number, address, email, etc.
Three data, cancer attack -
Taiwan Road Information Data 459GB Modeling Data 2021 Unknown Permissions Soft Open The sample contains 3D building model data of cities in Taiwan, as well as 34 and database data of Taiwan 108 and Taiwan National Highway, 3D models of buildings in Taiwan cities
Turkey Population Data 13.4GB. Data Table Permission Lost Soft Open Data Main Fields: Name, ID, Address, Birthday and other information.
Hong Kong Mobile Number 9.23MB Data Sheet 2009- 2016 | Permission Lost Soft Open Data Main Fields: Name, Social Security Number, Mobile Number, etc.
Hong Kong PCCW operator data 245MB. User table 2015 - 2016. Unknown permissions. Soft open. Main fields: owner name, address, number, user password SSHA and belonging server, etc.
Hong Kong Hutchison Telecom 5.54GB. User table 2021.05 Unknown permissions soft open Main fields: owner name, address, server to which the number belongs, etc.
Hong Kong Citizen Data 11.1MB. Email Permission Lost Soft Open Main Fields: User's Email Address, Name, Phone, Website, etc.
India Population Data 3.19GB Data Table Permission Lost Soft Open Data Main Fields: Name, Address, Phone Number, etc.
Vietnam Operator Data 38.9MB. Data Table Permission Lost Soft Open Data Main Fields: Address, Email, Password ` Login Information, Name, etc.
Thailand Operator tot Operator tot.co. th The permissions are unknown and some users’ computers are under control
China Zong Zhi Fei Course amaya. COmL Permissions are unknown Website background permissions can query user data









































Department abbreviation (corresponding suffix), now available
Can you tell me?

it has no specific suffix

Come out from different file servers and store them separately.
Saving is now possible

Take them one by one and save them one by one.

Now you can only see the content





We want to buy a whole box of Moutai’s internationally recognized greeting card



To be honest, I have taken this position before, but
The timeliness of retrieval is not good. I will read a lot of things today.
It seems valuable, but it will be gone in two days.

According to your cooperation experience, you have some opinions on this update.
What's the requirement?

Is near real-time postback possible?

加Er



Department of Defense,|口E9xsG)
0
ReniDerw











PH coognt station
Most Coco and) aa

is average
What she







apBb Ahc

inaa euin Indian liver member's public name

nai - army chief
stand
Nail's Book Guojibu Haining

railway,coth.Qin State

Next, please let me know which one you want:

work
Four and a half of the whole site makes people pass the time.
The station and the whole area are integrated into the club to the home location.
Ministry of Digital Economy and Society Emergency Department Station



Email: ethnet9loxinfo.co.th,
Email: mukdawan. shcmu. ac. th,



” Q This can be different (ziqinyou); 2 words




QQ dzo= | 四:mmrs



https:/EWSSInKWBHykyg9b6st Follow Era





































Also data form
Myanmar MPT Communications Company 139,603,184 11GB data User basic information, main fields: mobile phone number, name
Vietnam Vietnam Airlines 2,869,233 1044MB data User itinerary information, main fields Passenger ID, work, destination, etc.
Vietnam Vietnam operator data 87.918 38.9MB Data "|Main fields address, email, password, login information, name, etc.
Myanmar Myanmar operator data 46,292.354 4.03GB Data "|Main fields Phone number, etc.

















There needs to be a little ninety-nine on it.







The wind is harmonious

@     @e@





Are you guaranteed to get it?

certainly

If you can't take it off, return it immediately

80% won

Postal service! Postal service!



/1000 times)
Is for/Gmail secret extraction/network research/technology



mazv- Thunar

people

4 ten Luo 1
Places
ET
[one
Garden Desktop
GT
Quantity Tash

Book

All Music

and

Picture videos

Down
Devices

times Fiesystem
1

加 Browse Network

会kali 。 Documents o0 。 mzv
3
7 Half a Lifetime Release
7 and Sheng Sheng
and
and
Book
| Eee
people
国 Meeting of GsCand czZ PRES Consumers Teams.eml
Attacking and avoiding with the two big ERs, I am TI Shengsheng
Attack and people seize w myself and make TU
国 CRP leadership meeting ldocx

ET

hill
122. eras
Rd
1T76.9 KiB
1T76.9 KiB
Tahqib
19. Khaqib
35.acp
20.4KiB
27.8 KiB
27.8 KiB
84. eras

Stand for half a life
Type                                     Date Modified
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Emailmessage       0512012022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Emailmessage       0512012022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022
Microsoft Word Document 05/12/2022

全                                                                                                            tmp - Thunar                                                                                                                  [>x】

Four



All in all and clean 14 all kali Documents o0 tmp AQ
places             3                                                                                                         ~ size Type               |
年 Computer         Ia                                                                                                                             34.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/1612022
[区                ia                                                                                                                                                37.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05116/2022
Garden Desktop :ea 7
Dated 44.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05116/2022
量 Tash aa 43.5 KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/16/2022
图 Documents Te ET [2
Full Music Ta Bureau
Depend on
Add Ta 7
Videos
DUB0012.DOC                                                                                                                                                                        7
Down
Book Is 4
3
ra                                                                                                                          4
times Fiesystem
下             ea                                                                                                                      40.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05116/2022
worl
加BroweNework    ea                                                                                                                                                710KiB MicrosoftWord Document 05/1612022
aa                                                                                                                          1
aa                                                                                                                          27.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/16/2022
of 107.0 KiB Microsoft Word Document 05116/2022
ra                                                                                                                          45.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/1612022
国 EAs0346.DoC                                                                                                                          37.0KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/1612022
ra place
ea                                                                                                                          1
Ta                                                                                                                          45.5KiB Microsoft Word Document 05/1612022
ra                                                                                                                          7
ia                                                                                                                          4
ea                                                                                                                          2
ea                                                                                                                          0
Division racnoca nnr outside





0



people
File Edit View Go

stand

Places
ET
[one
Garden Desktop
GT
Quantity Tash

Book

All Music

and

Picture videos

Down
Devices

times Fiesystem
1

加 Browse Network

Bookmarks “Hetp
会call 。 Documents o0 ze

[3

国 2022-o4-29 THAlLAND - Eu speciatEmvoyto Myanmarvisits Thailand ZEUS15.pdf

In the 32 Former vice presidentJonn Lee seventh Chief Executive pdf

|Book

|

Equivalent to 7 stops

|Ben Tc

Four

|This TEL



and all-in and 7

hill
315.7 KiB
220.acp
322.6 KiB
339.4 KiB
1
387. Aqeeb
1
308. Aqib

Type
PDF document
PDF document
PDF document
PDF document

[

PT
Date Modified
7
7
7
7

The

PDF document

[4

The

PDF document

[4

I have a long-term customer here

ES

6:07 p.m.



They need: Office of the Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
The Military, the ASEAN Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Prime Minister’s Office came to the country
National Intelligence Bureau, Prime Minister's Office Secretariat, General Secretary
Cabinet Secretariat, Office of the Prime Minister, Minister of Defense
office. If there are no samples from these departments,
If there are duplicates and they need to be exclusive, please provide a small
Sample and quote.

6:24 p.m.

good
head

Reliable



I passed the argument this week, here is the boss’s signature






Gayonhe ip
Guan Shixuan, National Taxation Bureau
Chathamhouse at Xingjian Institute




bz.zip
district

two

The Great Wall is ten thousand miles long

|Article 6 Meeting Division|



4. The customer’s research and judgment on NATO is a bit weak





Order Sichuan Airlines 3U8535 September 15, 2021

08:15                                                  11:40
Chengdu Shuangliu T1 does not use "Urumqi Diwo...,









Russian espionage hacker group attempts to pull communications satellite links to steal data

weixin_33849215 @全

Four, I submitted the certificate from other bureaus.

indivual
Although the country
1
|
am

EC





country add@

There are only two people in life





"After JJ, one by one

FT

Tai's one can target a department and send one
Download samples from the past month or the latest to them.
Take a look?

SS

Just find one, just look at us here to get the best
When was it new?

Those who have the permissions must be up to date.

Then just do it casually, and Bird will prove it to them.















@     @e@

May 25th 15:16

Confirmed. Now there is only the board of directors meeting.
Three parts of the information office

o0-ar song
414MB

Return to QQ mailbox





mikrotik's 0day, Gmail acquisition,
Is it related to ios?

Ca



-Be        or
3
Casamia moore |



The name is Yunza Bird Electric Wenren 17%E 8:06

All the people are waiting for,

title
Add Uncategorized v Today at 8:06 PM
Australia

Guinea

Djibouti

Cambodia

Congo

North Macedonia

GO  Aa





Checklist text editor
OO
GO
|
"                     \one
Participle
Four 4
TAKE NOTE
2?

! PQRS







1 Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs

2 _Yingwai "Intranet permissions + historical hash)

3 RDP permissions for Kazakhstan’s national defense email service

4 Thailand Digital Government Development Agency Email Service Technology)》can be used as a supply chain
5 “Korean Sejong Research Institute Cultural Services

Philippine Navy Postal Service









1 file (206.91NB), all sent successfully

Passing time (automatic selling and sucking): 23.59-46

CQ social training





” Q This can be different (ziqinyou); 2 words




QQ dzo= | 四:mmrs



https:/EWSSInKWBHykyg9b6st Follow Era





anmaas. brake













country



6:15
Nancy CS @@@

Pi 2 and Can guarantee effectiveness?

al

Private, the samples you just took were a month ago.
We can specify the time for giving birth to 5 Feng. Can it be done at any time?

Is there a designated time? I have to ask about this. Is there a designated time?



Fortunately, this is not the same as today.
123 ?1 ABC DEF people
#@Y    GHI    JKL  ， MNO    从

MI

The second gang of Hesheng has done everything -5

Users wishing to be updated weekly will be provided with specified
List of numbers



< Call duration 0910



Does Nato provide the latest samples?



Currently it is not available because we have mentioned it before

The samples provided were from March and April of the year. Reality
Already updated and new. If it is still recent
If you live in heaven, Yu He is more valuable.
Book. If we can share a down payment, I
Our chapter can provide a little bit first.







Down

TFT

2



va

and E



Four, I submitted the certificate from other bureaus.

indivual
Although the country
1
|
am

EC

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Product manual

(Verl.0 2020)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 1/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



1.4.4 Industry advantages

@ Strong concealment - after the server is implanted into the target computer, there is no startup item, ensuring that the target computer has no startup items throughout the process.
feeling.
Strong compatibility - compatible with all versions of Apple operating system.
High stability - the system supports 24-hour uninterrupted operation and has a self-recovering fault-tolerant machine
system.

@ Fast transmission and evidence collection-when the network between server and client is 10M, the file download speed
Three 200Kb/S, file upload speed two 100Kb/S, screen capture speed three 5 frames/min.

@ The connection index is high—the maximum number of connections exceeds 2,000, and when 100 servers are connected concurrently,
The system still works normally.

1.4.5 Product pictures





































"Mac remote control management system interface diagram)

1.5 i0S remote control management system

1.5.1 Product Introduction
i0S remote control management system is a tin system specially designed for iPhone devices running 10S system.
The remote information acquisition system installed by jailbreak can realize remote evidence collection and monitoring of iOS system devices.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 11/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Four Institute Z Two Various basic information of equipment
RS positioning acquisition
Enter next to get contacts on mobile phone
1. Documents written by Ma Duo
ambient recording
CE Henuo

(〈i0S remote control management system operation form diagram)

1.5.2 Applicable environment

iPhone all models i0S all versions

three

YY TV

1.5.3 Product functions

Obtain basic mobile phone information: Obtain the unique identifier, IP address,
MAC address, device version information.

GPS positioning acquisition: regularly obtain the GPS positioning information of the target 10S system device.

Mobile phone contact acquisition: Obtain the address book contacts of the target 10S system device.

Multimedia files: Obtain the multimedia file information of the target iOS system device.

Recording: Supports scheduled acquisition of environmental recordings of target iOS system devices.
1.5.4 Industry advantages

Jailbreak-free—an innovative way to embed the control system into the device and run it without jailbreak
Get target data information.

Strong compatibility - compatible with all series of smart hardware devices of i0S system.

Leading the industry - taking the lead in launching a remote control management system for iOS systems in the country.
And it can be used in actual combat in combination with relevant law enforcement department business scenarios to achieve target iOS systems
Obtain device data information.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 12/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



1.5.5 Product pictures

Next four days station

people







book 9
Ca

Book

Book

2

people

Book
Down

Down

and
0

ET

In

sirarayesbn1aEG Ti 人本2人1全PITa人Foonr49025222ELCASE AMGLTEOD

and



Book. 255 times

(〈i0S remote control management system interface diagram)

1.6 Android remote control management system

1.6.1 Product Introduction

The Android remote control management system realizes remote extraction of electronic data based on remote control technology. system
It consists of two parts: the control end and the server end. The control end adopts B/S architecture, and the server end can be installed on a variety of mainstream
On Android devices, after the installation is completed, it will automatically go online to connect to the console. The server supports no less than 200 remote servers.
control system.





Peripheral items and common information
Pass
enter. people. Therefore, the cow is called gj
(Country! One person one |
=. -one|
Sell DAA service 5 should one control promise

More data

(Android remote control management system operation form diagram)

1.6.2 Applicable environment

Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 13/50



Professional digital intelligence solution provider











Operating system Android 6.0 and above
Mobile phone brands: Samsung, Xiaomi, Redmi, Huawei and other mainstream mobile phones
Mobile phone cards Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom
Network type 26, 3G6, 46, WiFi







1.6.3 Product functions

> Device information: Supports obtaining basic information of the mobile phone and switching on and off the mobile network of the target mobile phone. These include
Device name, mobile phone model, battery capacity, system version, MAC address, phone number, mobile phone serial number
number, system customizer, CPU information, motherboard information, running memory, network type, IMSI,
IMEI。

> "Positioning information: adopts triple positioning method of network, base station (with network and card), and GPS. Supports continuous
Continue positioning, return positioning information according to the set time interval, and support statistics, analysis, and export.

> Contacts: Supports obtaining mobile phone contacts, supporting forging targets to edit and send messages to their contacts.
Scam SMS (valid for Android 4.4 and earlier versions), supports intercepting incoming calls and calls from specified numbers
SMS (may not be intercepted on Android 4.4 and above, some mobile phones will detect it).

> Call records: Supports obtaining mobile phone call records, and supports statistics, analysis, and export.

> SMS: Supports obtaining SMS messages, and supports statistics, analysis, and export.
Acquisition of various chat information: Supports acquisition of contacts on mobile phones including WeChat, QQ, and Momo chat software
Contacts and chat history. [requires root)

> File management: Supports obtaining the file directory structure and file list of the target mobile phone, which can be displayed by category
Displays multimedia information and quantity statistics such as music, videos, pictures, documents, etc., and supports downloading.

>Network Traces: Supports obtaining traces of the network browsed by the target mobile phone's built-in browser, which can be obtained
The results obtained can be filtered and queried by browser, time period, and title keywords.
CAndroid6.0 previous version)

> Software list: Supports obtaining installed software information on the target mobile phone and account information on the mobile phone.

> Process list: Supports obtaining process information running on the target phone, and obtaining process information
Make a filter query.

> "Environmental recording: Supports environmental recording on mobile phones and mobile phone call recording.





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 14/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

>Camera; supports taking photos and evidence collection of the surrounding environment of the mobile phone, including: single photo, time period
Take photos, scene photos, front and rear camera photos.

WiFi information: Supports disconnecting or connecting to the mobile phone’s WiFi, and scans the mobile phone’s current environment for
Visible iFi hotspot information, including: SSID .MAC address, signal strength, password (root required),

Y

Encryption.

> Mobile phone screenshot: Supports taking screenshots of the current screen status of the mobile phone. Screen capture methods include: Single
Screenshot, application screenshot, time period screenshot.

> Keyboard monitoring: Supports interception of mobile phone input when using QQ, WeChat, Momo, and Telegram applications
text message. "The memory cleaning service needs to be turned on and is valid for Android 4.2 and later versions)
System settings: Supports command status viewing and command sending for all operating commands in the system
(Plan formulation)", command plan viewing and other management command operations.

1.6.4 Industry advantages

@ Strong compatibility - supports mainstream Android phones on the market, such as Samsung, Xiaomi, Huawei vivo,
OPP0 and most other models.

@ High concealment - no icon is generated after the program is installed, and there is no sense when extracting various types of information.
It will not show any traces of operation.

@ Strong persistence - supports promotion to system APP (ROOT permission required), even if the Android device is reset
After installing the system, the program still exists.



Y



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 15/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





1.6.5 Product pictures







Xiaomi 5 (online: ifi; battery: 64%; screen: bright screen)
SR G 8W full update 8 Weiwang Pi. Xuan Minghe

Address holeza paddle network switch se
Earth activity

im                   512g

ago as
Expanded system time 016-12-06 19150:13

System version |

Mobile phone extraction ein

Can be used to create Dj

system customizer ao

Mobile number 6

powerful offensive and defensive days

Tiao Baoli Village Close

(Android remote control management system interface diagram)

1.7 Linux remote control management system

1.7.1 Product Introduction
The Linux remote control system is a remote control and evidence collection device for Linux systems.
Various information systems.
The system mainly installs the configured server on the target host, and then operates the control terminal after it goes online.
to control the target host. Supports two online modes: forward connection and reverse connection.



Investigator Control End Target Host

connection mode

"Linux remote control system operation form diagram)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 16/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider















1.7.2 Applicable environment
Centos 5
Add X86/x64 Centos 6
Controlled end
(Client) Centos 7
Ubuntu 12
Hshch
Ubuntu 14
Control terminal Windows XP/7/8, Windows Server 2003/2008, supports multi-language environment









1.7.3 Product functions

> Shel1 command: You can execute Shel1 command operations on the client on the control shell interface.

> File management: On the remote management interface, you can check the files and directories of the target computer.
View, delete, upload, download and other operations.

Six" Socks5 proxy: The system supports using the SocksCap64 tool for socks5 proxy, and also supports
View the Socks5 proxy information of the controlled terminal.

Six TCP port multiplexing: The system supports communication on the opened port, and only input information
Perform character matching without performing any interception or copying operations on network data to achieve port replication.
function.

1.7.4 Industry advantages

@ High compatibility - the system supports cascading technology and supports three protocols: ICMP\TCPAUDP
line transmission.

@ High stability - the system supports 7*24 hours of stable operation and has a self-recovering fault-tolerant machine
system.

@ Strong concealment - supports reusing TCP ports and reserves backdoors for remote control systems.

@. Excellent ease of use - different online modes can be selected according to the particularity of the target network environment.
Connect mode or rebound mode) Set the client to go online.

@ Strong anti-virus protection - regularly tested against domestic and foreign anti-virus software to ensure normal use of tools
Can avoid killing mainstream anti-virus software at home and abroad, such as AVG\ClamNComodo\Kaspersky and other mainstream
Antivirus software for Linux systems.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 17/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





1.7.5 Product pictures















And































It's Fear

te 1 on ben:7-03-:0 :5bin:bin
20:T-03-20 :2:HC:H











(Linux remote control system interface diagram)

1.8 WiFi sensorless implantable device

1.8.1 Product Introduction
The WIFI non-inductive implantable device is a portable hardware device for devices connected to the device’s WiFi.
Zhuo Terminal realizes the invisible implantation of specific software. After implantation and installation, key data in the terminal device can be automatically obtained.
and visually displayed.



Testimony intervention 2 arrives
rm terminal device information acquisition
Obtain positioning information
Quanyi, "Qing", station | Ben w
Yi NAN call record acquisition
ao avoid Le |
100 WE file management
rich
L

(Operation form diagram of WiFi sensorless implanted device)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 18/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

1.8.2 Product functions
> Insensible implantation: The device supports insensible implantation using mainstream software. You only need to connect the device to release it.
After connecting to WiFi and using the software normally, the implantation can be completed without any awareness.
> Data acquisition: After successful implantation, terminal device information, positioning information, text messages, contacts,
Call records, system albums, and file management.
1.8.3 Industry advantages
@ Strong portability - the implanted device is small and portable, can be carried around, plug and play, supports 3G/4G,
Connect to the Internet via wired means.
@ High ease of use - the implantation process is simple, just connect the implanted device to WiFi and access the Internet normally, no need
Redundant operations, no pop-up reminders, reducing the target's vigilance.













【=
:                                      buckle
(WiFi sensorless implant management backend interface diagram)
19/150



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

2. Attack Countermeasures





2.1 WiFi attack system
2.1.1 Product Introduction

The WiFi proximity attack system is developed based on the penetration idea of folded field proximity attack to achieve remote control proximity
The purpose of the device to penetrate the target intranet is to improve the concealment, convenience and accuracy of penetration.

The entire system is divided into two versions, including: WiFi proximity attack system basic version) and WiFi proximity attack system
Attack system Cmini version).

The basic version of the system adopts an architecture design that combines far and near ends, and the remote control platform is deployed on the public network server.
Responsible for issuing attack commands, approaching the device and executing commands in the target physical area to carry out penetration work.









(WiFi proximity attack system (basic version) operation status diagram)
The mini version of the system supports disguising itself as a power strip, power adapter, etc., and placing the device on the target
After entering the physical area, connect to the WiFi in the target area and establish a Socks proxy tunnel to achieve access to the target network.





Japanese sex area





It's heavy
and Yipin people
1:|
Scout bath
Through the personnel remote control platform, espionage and
Wiri proximity attack system and to two people 3
Cmin version

CWiFi proximity attack system (mini version) operation form diagram)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 20150

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



1.1

1.2

1.3

1.4

1.5

1.6

1.7
1.8

2.1

2.2

2.3
24

1

3.1

4

4.2

4.3

44

4.5

4.6



The email was intercepted
Twitter controls forensics
Windows Remote Control Management System 7
Mac remote control management system ee 9
iOS remote control management system….
Android remote control management system..
Linux remote control management system
WiFi sensorless implantable device…



















Attack Countermeasures .et 20
WiFi proximity attack system and 20
Network traffic countermeasures system 24
Automated Penetration Testing Platform 26
WiFi terminal positioning countermeasures equipment and 32
Security cover category .7 35
Anonymous anti-Zhang wall 35
Other product categories 38
Domestic smoking investigation system 38
The cuckoo eagle took a gamble



Practical training training





Skywalker data query pair
Email analysis intelligence decision-making system 46
Antao Cloud Intelligence Analysis Decision Platform Quan 48





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 2/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



2.1.2 Product functions

WiFi proximity attack system (Eastern version)

three

WiFi password cracking: The system supports WiFi within the target area (including hidden WiFi and
5G_WiFi) for scanning and cracking, common WEP, WPA, WPA2 and WPS protocols can be carried out
Crack. Cracking method: local cloud query, cloud cracking.

Intranet sniffing: When the approaching device is in the target intranet environment, the device actively sniffs the target intranet.
Domain users are hashed and automatically scraped.

Socks proxy: The system supports setting up the Socks proxy function to map intranet information to the public network.
Carry out relevant penetration operations.

Route cracking: The system supports automatic cracking of the login password of the routing device existing in the target intranet.
To achieve active login and management control of the target intranet routing device.

Port mapping After the nearby device accesses the target intranet through WiFi, the target host in the intranet can be
The port is mapped to the Internet to achieve the purpose of accessing the target intranet from the external network.

Interactive terminal: The system supports the execution of Shell commands to perform file operations on nearby devices.



> File management: The system supports visual upload and download management of files in nearby devices.
> "Remote destruction: When there is a security threat to the nearby device, it supports remote sending of self-destruction instructions, completely

Clear all system data from the device.

WiFi proximity attack system (mini version 7

three

three

Network connection: After the device is placed in the target network environment, connect through its own iFi signal
Connect the settings and finally connect to the target network.

Socks proxy: After the device is connected to the target network, log in to the remote control management system through the PC and open
Open the Socks proxy to perform related penetration operations.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 21/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

2

.1.3 Product parameters



























Architecture ARM MIPS

CPU frequency 1.26, dual core /

Storage 8GB eMMC high-speed flash DDR2 128MB

Network supports full Netcom 46 wireless network card 802. 11/byg/n three modes
Built-in battery 10000mA rechargeable lithium battery None
MCU main frequency / 580MHz

Flash                        /                                      32MB
WiFi module default mode supports AP/STA and AP/STA mixed mode
Equipment details 14lmm x 73m x 22mm 4lmm x 23mm X 3. 5mm

2.1.4 Industry advantages
@ Strong camouflage - different versions can be selected according to different application scenarios, disguised as Xiaomi power bank

state or ultra-small circuit board module design to facilitate
Check other security measures.

High ease of use - just bring the device to the designated location
The device can be controlled from the terminal to carry out penetration work.
High penetration efficiency - product hardware is physically close to
Establish a new intranet penetration channel.

High battery life - the basic version has a built-in large-capacity charger
Regular operation lasts 20 hours, and supports work operation
Easy to operate - the system setting interface is simple and all
button to complete the operation.

Portable and undetectable, it can pass through security checks and



After turning on the power, no other operations are required.

The combination of backend network remote control provides a perfect solution for beach penetration work.
Lithium battery, 8 hours of battery life at full load, party
Carry out simultaneously with charging process

Using graphical interface, just click the relevant button











Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

22/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





2.1.5 Product pictures









(WiFi Proximity Attack System (Basic Version) Product Photo)



CWiFi proximity attack system (mini version) product picture)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 23/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider
2.2 Network traffic countermeasure system
2.2.1 Product Introduction
The network traffic countermeasure system combines practical application scenarios of relevant departments and adopts active scanning and acquisition technology.

Obtain global distributed stress test traffic to achieve system traffic analysis of target servers, websites, enterprise networks, etc.
comprehensive counterattack. The entire system consists of an upper counter flow acquisition module and a counter flow control module.

Server 1
When sending instructions plus countermeasures
AN target server 1
A/ Server 2 1

-Yes, one car
Server 3 Target 2

two

N had
Too Target Services Ask 99. .

(Operation diagram of network diversion anti-coin system)
The system coexists C/S and B/S architectures, fully absorbing the characteristics of the two architectures. Counter traffic acquisition module
Adopt active scanning and acquisition technology to obtain global survival network traffic and conduct comprehensive automated massive data collection
Hole detection to provide network traffic data for the counter flow control module.
The countermeasure flow control module is used to control all nodes and uniformly issue the received countermeasure instructions.
It also provides dedicated anonymous links for safe and efficient data communication. During use, the system supports a variety of
External interface facilitates users to carry out secondary development.
2.2.2 Product functions
> Counter-traffic acquisition: Start the counter-traffic acquisition module by configuring the counter-traffic control module.
Using asynchronous transmission scanning technology to obtain global survival network traffic, automatic selection and cleaning are ineffective
Network traffic, and perform vulnerability detection and utilization on effective surviving traffic, and finally realize the anti-attack flow
Quantity acquisition and control.





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 24/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



> Stress test: supports regular mode (SYN, UDP, TCP, ACK, IGMP, ICMP, DNS), Web

Modes (Get protocol, mutation CC, infinite CC, distributed loop CC), breach mode, etc., and
Supports hexadecimal and ASCII code conversion. Support multiple modes simultaneously
Perform stress testing, unique UDP countermeasures technology, combined with new kernel technology, send data packets
area is sent directly to the target.
Cluster management: supports cluster management of online hosts and assigns specified tasks to online hosts.
The target IP performs cluster countermeasures, individual target countermeasures, loops through the target countermeasures, and automatically loops through

Powerful customization mode,

Not cached



history to find valid counterfeit packets.

2.2.3 Product parameters



























Scanning method asynchronous transmission
Scan threads Max 1000

Maximum concurrent tasks: 20
Vulnerability types Remote code execution, weak passwords, database, Web, etc.
Online quantity: 30,000 to 60,000

Traffic output scale 10G to 100G

Client size 29Kb
Communication mode TCPVHTTP
Countermeasure mode SYN, UDP, TCP, ACK, IGMP, ICMP, DNS, CC
Online method ITP/domain name
Startup method system service
Support platform Windows/Linux/IoT

2.2.4 Industry advantages

@ Cross-platform, perfectly compatible with all window systems launched:

XP/Vista/7/8/8.1/

Compatible with Linux/CentOSVUbuntu/AIX/Solaris/HP-UX and other systems and mainstream IoT devices

Networked device system

Choose whether to counterattack.



0; Windows sever 2000/2003/2008/2012/2016. same

High flexibility - the system supports intelligent countermeasures and can automatically select countermeasures based on the survival status of the target.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.



Windows

Professional digital intelligence solution provider







@ Simple operation and configuration - the system adopts a graphical design interface, which is convenient and quick to deploy and adopts one-click
The configuration operation can quickly realize the acquisition and control of countermeasure traffic.

@ The system is stable and reliable - the system adopts the latest network traffic acquisition and control technology, and is fully tested
Consider the stability, efficiency and reliability in various application scenarios to ensure the stable operation of the system in an all-round way.

OK.







2.2.5 Product pictures









"Network Traffic Countermeasure System Interface Diagram)"

2.3 Automated penetration testing platform

2.3.1 Product Introduction

The automated penetration testing platform is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods, supporting various
A platform for automating penetration testing of network devices and hosts. Attack through various testing methods built into the platform
Attack the real production environment to achieve information detection, vulnerability verification, vulnerability exploitation, and vulnerability testing of the network and equipment under test.
Penetration attacks and report generation improve the efficiency, convenience, completeness and accuracy of penetration testing.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 26/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider











Li

[The














Shu Xi Jie You Ku






Stick to a certain life and promise
Ruby base iodine library

















] [Web service] [_utilization



Automatic penetration testing platform

2.3.2 Product functions

> Automated penetration: through a series of vulnerability scanning, vulnerability exploitation, permission acquisition, etc. on the target
The process discovers the target’s open ports and services, and based on the detected information, the system performs vulnerability analysis
Utilize to further obtain target permissions, the specific content is as follows

a) Vulnerability scanning

1) Quick scanning of vulnerabilities: for Windows hosts, Linux hosts, Web sites, and network devices
and other various targets, conduct quick scan tests to determine the host online status, port openness,
Operating system version and other information, and generate a report based on the results.

2) Detailed vulnerability scanning: The system has built-in tens of thousands of detection templates and vulnerabilities, supporting Web vulnerability scanning,
Operating system vulnerability scanning, weak password detection and other functions can detect all weaknesses and technologies of the system under test.
Actively analyze defects or vulnerabilities and generate reports including: host information, vulnerabilities
Assessment, vulnerability details, exploits, service list, port information, database information, documentation
File directory information, scan history, etc.

b) Exploiting vulnerabilities

1) Vulnerability verification: Vulnerability exploitation models with different risks can be customized and selected based on the vulnerability scanning results.
block to perform a penetration attack on the target vulnerability.

2) Import of scan results: The platform supports the import and export of scan results from a variety of third-party security scanning tools
Vulnerability verification, automatically identify and import reports, select imported hosts and corresponding vulnerabilities in the system
Perform penetration verification on the vulnerability, and attack after confirming that the vulnerability is real. Support includes: NSFOCUS Aurora,

Venus Sky Mirror, AppScan, NeXpose, Acunetix, Core Impact, Nessus,







Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 27/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



o)

a)

b)

c)

a)

NetSparker, Nmap, etc.
Permission acquisition: After the vulnerability is exploited successfully, the system supports selecting a series of exploits based on the penetration results.
Execution codes and script programs written by exploiting holes can achieve the acquisition of target permissions.
APT attack
Email phishing: The platform supports specifying email sending servers and using Web page component cloning
With fake websites, create an email content template for the fake website, and induce the target to
Submit sensitive information to a created website, and ultimately collect target sensitive information for further attacks
purpose of use.
Browser attacks: The platform supports building an automatic browser detection through web page components
With the exploited site, the target is induced to browse the specified site, and the browser vulnerability is successfully exploited.
After that, the connection session is automatically established.
File vulnerability attack: The platform supports file vulnerabilities such as 0ffice, PDF, pictures, etc. to generate attacks.
Click the payload file. Induces the target to open or browse files, and automatically establishes a connection after the vulnerability is successfully exploited.
Pick up the conversation.
Web attack: The platform supports the extraction of specified range of web pages from the input URL, and the combined page
Test with the Web Testing Module, including: Automated testing of the latest Web Top 10 listed by OWASP
Potential security vulnerabilities, web server misconfigurations, cross-site scripting vulnerabilities, local text
File inclusion and remote file inclusion, SQL injection vulnerability, file upload vulnerability, remote code execution
vulnerabilities or remote command execution vulnerabilities.
Other functions
load generator
1) Classic payload: The platform supports generating a variety of attack payloads for penetration testing. generated load
The loader supports various operating systems and commonly used Web server-side languages, including: Linux.Unix,
AIX、BSD、R、Windows、0SX、Netware、i0S、Android、Firefox、Java、
Python, Ruby, NodeJS, etc.

2) Dynamic payload: The system supports generating a variety of dynamically encoded attack loads targeting the Windows platform

b)

Evade detection by anti-virus software.
Brute force cracking: The system supports brute force cracking of weak passwords and uses dictionaries to detect weak passwords in the network
command, you can choose to select the certificate, default dictionary or imported dictionary in this project. Supports cracking various types of



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 28/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Common protocols, databases and service types, including: FTP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMB, SNMP,
MSSQL、MySQL、DB2、Postgres、POP3、SSH、SSH PUBKEY、Telent、NVC、
WinRM。

c) Credential reuse: The system supports the use of passwords or hashes obtained during penetration testing assessments to
Test other hosts on the network to effectively test and discover possible horizontal expansion paths for users.

d) Replay attack: For a successful penetration attack, after the session established with the target is terminated or disconnected
Afterwards, there is no need to re-perform complex attack operations. You can choose to replay the attack directly, and you can root
Reinfiltrate and establish a session based on the previous attack parameters.

e) Springboard attack: For advanced usage scenarios, after successfully penetrating a host, the penetrated
The host serves as a springboard for further attacks on other targets.

> System management

a) Report generation; the platform supports report generation in three file formats: HTML, PDF, and World, which can be customized
Customized reports or use the built-in multiple report templates, including: audit, information collection, chest
Weak hosting, leasing, services, social engineering activities, web application testing, etc.

b) System settings: Support platform data backup, task monitoring, user account creation, role permissions
Settings, system authorization management, setting periodic tasks, regular automated penetration inspections and other operations.

2.3.3 Product parameters

































Quick scan takes 1-5 hosts, average 30 minutes 30 minutes
Default concurrent scan Default number of hosts scanned simultaneously 5 5
Number of vulnerability libraries: 100,000+ Supported Supported
Number of vulnerability check items: 300,000+ Supported Supported
Maximum concurrent scanning Maximum number of hosts scanned simultaneously 10 10
Total number of modules including utilization, auxiliary, post-penetration and other modules 4000+ 4000+
Number of modules used Number of modules used only 1700+ 1700+
IP number authorization Whether to limit the total number of target IPs Unlimited Unlimited
Web operation interface Operation via browser interface Support Support
Command line operation Through terminal command line operation Support Support
Support ITPv6 Support IPv6 network scanning Support Support
Independent property rights, complete autonomy of code, support, support
Network includes operating systems, network equipment, databases,
Wine, oil and related middleware, system software, etc. support "|. Support







Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

29/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





Password Brushing Support Protocol

Protocol: AFP, DB2, FTP, HTTP,

HTTPS、MSSQL、MySQL、POP3、
PostgreSQL、SMB、SNMP、SSH、SSH

PUBKEY、Telnet 、VNC、WinRM

stand

stand









Sub-project management: Supports sub-project management of penetration testing targets.
Quick Guide Quick Guide for Common Penetration Testing Operations Sustain
Web Audit Scan and audit web applications Sustain

hold

External report import

Import report results scanned by third-party applications



Perform penetration testing to verify scanned vulnerabilities

















































Branch
Branch
Branch
Branch
Vulnerability verification "Reports of mainstream missed scans, such as NSFOCUS and QiShang Support Support
bright)
Credential reuse Use found credentials to test other hosts Supported Supported
Evidence collection Collect evidence for successfully exploited target vulnerabilities Support Support
Post-infiltration module You can use the module to perform post-infiltration operations. Support Support
Automatic post penetration and life and release and life and support support
Session persistence: The session after successful utilization can be persisted. Supported.
Social Engineering Attacks Social Engineering Testing Testers Support Support
employee safety awareness
IDSVIPS Bypass Support configuration parameters to try to bypass IDSVIPS Support Support
Evade anti-virus software and support a certain degree of anti-virus protection when infiltrating. Support Support.
Payload generation Supports generating attack payloads with specific configurations Supported Supported
Proxy Springboard Supports the use of proxy springboard for intranet penetration Support Support
VPN Springboard Supports the use of VPN springboard for intranet penetration Support Support
Replay attack Supports replaying previously successful attacks Supported Supported
Generate reports Supports generating reports for security test assessments Supported Supported
Report format HTMLNPDFNWORD supported supported
Number of report templates Number of different report templates Supported Supported
Customized reports Support customizing report content Supported Supported
Maximum number of supported users Number of users supported by the web interface 1 3
Scheduled tasks Support advanced automated scheduled tasks Supported Supported
Operating system (Windows, Linux, UNIX, OS
etc.), database (SQL Server, DB2,
Vulnerability assessment support scope | Oracle, MySQL, etc.), Web applications, intermediate support support
software, network equipment <routing, switching, firewall
wait)
Black box vulnerability assessment Vulnerability assessment via network remote fingerprinting Support Support
White box vulnerability assessment Login scan using login credentials Support Support
- More than 8 built-in tools for different vulnerability assessment requirements
Scan policy template Upload and merge policy template Support Support
Customized scanning strategy Scanning policy template can be customized and configured Supported Supported

















Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

30/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

1. Special control secret retrieval class



1.1 Email encryption platform

1.1.1 Product Introduction
The email encryption platform is comprehensively developed and designed based on years of research on Google/Microsoft security mechanisms.
Use imperceptible and anti-secondary verification technology to obtain the target mailbox permissions and obtain the content of the target email.

、
3

Deliver the exe to execute Wenbo and obtain the permissions of the target mailbox
target terminal

@
4. Receive all email messages
Target email
pond

Email encryption platform
Send an email with a forensic link 1 Obtain permissions to the target email address 1







"E-mail encrypted platform operation status")
1.1.2 Product functions
> Execution file download: Users can choose to download the corresponding forensic execution file version according to their needs, and
Deliver this executable file to the target terminal.
> "Link generation: The platform can generate links based on user-specified links (real or customized links)
Forensic link, users can send this link to the target email address. (for Outlook mailbox forensics)
Six import protocols: Users can import Exchange, POP3, and IMAP according to the target mailbox situation
protocol data.
6. Generate GPG: The user generates the corresponding GPG Key according to the target mailbox and performs encrypted email transmission.
Input and decrypt view.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 3/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

















4. Prompt for vulnerabilities that have publicly exploited methods. Provide
Exploitable lubrication information, source information of related vulnerability exploits, etc. Support | . support
Vulnerability judgment basis Scanned vulnerabilities can be viewed based on judgment Support Support
In addition to the CVSS standard vulnerability score, based on asset weight
Accurate risk scoring, vulnerability exposure and threat level provide more support.
Accurate risk scoring
, supports scanning mainstream virtualization platforms such as
The wrong virtualization platform is VMware, VKVM, etc. Go to the page Go to the page
Weak password scanning Supports weak password scanning of common protocols Supported Supported
Baseline scan CIS, customized baseline scan strategy supported supported
Ability to detect Javascript, Ajax and
Flash Web applications, Web Services applications
Enhanced web scanning function (including SOAP 1.2, Json, WSDL, not supported supported
XML), detection use cases can cover all OWASP
Top 10 Weifu
API interface Provides API interface for external application calls Not supported Supported















2.3.4 Industry advantages

@ ”Automation - a complete set of penetration attack platforms from intelligence collection, threat modeling, vulnerability analysis, penetration
The six parts of attack exploitation, post-penetration testing and reporting are developed to provide penetration based on different penetration environments.
Automated support for the entire testing process.

@ Professional-level vulnerability library - the system has built-in Metasploit commercial-level professional version vulnerability exploitation platform,
Integrates thousands of operating systems, application software vulnerabilities, and hundreds of shellcodes, and does not
Continuously updated to fully meet the needs of in-depth vulnerability scanning.

@ Flexible custom scanning measures support customizing the start time of website scanning to avoid website business peaks.
Or set up periodic scanning tasks according to the needs of the business online process.

@ Flexible expansion - the platform supports local deployment and distributed deployment to cope with the penetration process
In emergencies, the intelligent scheduling penetration process is not interrupted, improving the reliability and availability of the platform.
and scalability.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 31/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



2.3.5 Product pictures

















"Automated penetration testing platform interface diagram)

2.4 WiFi terminal positioning countermeasures equipment
2.4.1 Product Introduction
WiFi terminal positioning and countermeasure equipment is a device for WiFi signals that uses the directionality of directional antennas to pass
A product that determines the positioning of WiFi devices based on signal strength.
2.4.2 Product functions
> Scan WiFi devices: Support scanning the wireless signals of surrounding APs and terminals, and pin them to the top.
Conditional filtering and creation of scan information snapshots and other operations.
6. Locating WiFi devices: Supports wireless device positioning and performs tracking based on changes in the MAC address signal and number.
Real-time alarm and target discovery, voice broadcast of the current positioning signal value and real-time display of signal and signal changes
Towards. The positioning accuracy is less than 1 meter.
> Counter WiFi devices: Support active discovery of APs and terminals and track their signals to block and disconnect
its network connection.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 32/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



2.4.3 Product parameters























Battery 1000mAh, 8 hours of battery life
CPU Quad Core 1. 2GHz 64-bit
Running memory 1GB
, size 240*#*190#40mm
Number of WIFI modules of Shifa device 4
Disk 8GB
Positioning distance >100m
Positioning accuracy <lm
Battery 3000mAh
, running memory 1GB
Press machine body memory 8GB
Size 5.5 ten











2.4.4 Industry advantages

@ Long coverage distance - uses dedicated power amplifier directional antenna and WIFI module to provide high-power wireless signal
No., the distance is far.

@ Accurate positioning - use the directionality of the antenna to determine the location of the WiFi device, and then use the signal and
Strength and weakness determine the distance and achieve precise positioning.

@ Strong concealment - the device is portable and lightweight, controlled by a mobile phone, and has strong concealment.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 33/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





2.4.5 Product pictures









CWiFi terminal



Manufacturing equipment product appearance picture)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 34/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

Three safety protection categories



3.1 Anonymous Anti-Zhangwall

3.1.1 Product Introduction

Anonymous anti-flood wall is an anonymous communication network product developed by Antao Information and is used by overseas network special agents.
operation, through strong link encryption, multi-node jumps and random changes in exits, hiding the user’s real IP address,
A product that enables anonymous surfing of sensitive information such as physical address and interactive content. The system can prevent sensitive information from
Information is tracked and security risks are eliminated.

(Anonymous antiwall operation pattern diagram)
3.1.2 Product functions
6. Anonymous Internet surfing: The system is connected to the Internet, and after passing through several relay servers, the real exit is hidden.
Sensitive information such as real IP address and physical address can be used to anonymously surf the Internet. Protect sensitive information
being tracked.
> Port mapping: Supports mapping the corresponding service port of the intranet terminal to the corresponding peripheral server.
The purpose of accessing intranet-related applications from the external network. It can be used in scenarios where it is necessary to accept data returned from the external network.
use.





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 35/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

3.1.3 Product parameters















Length, width and height 28. 2*16. 1*4. 3 (cm
CPU dual core 800MHz
Memory 512MB DDR3
4 10/100/1000 ML adaptive LAN ports
1 10/100/1000 M adaptive WAN port
4 LAN port lights
1 WAN mouth light
Weikou 1 POWER lamp
1 SYS light
1 ERROR light
1 power input port
4G Internet support
Internet speed: maximum download speed can reach 70OKB/S
Relay node No upper limit, three jumps
Access devices: mobile phones, tablets, desktop computers, laptops









3.1.4 Industry advantages

@ Multiple networking methods support PPPOE connection method to access the Internet, and network cable to connect to the upper-level router to access the Internet
CDHCP or static IP), 4G dial-up and other networking methods.

@ Plug and play - combined with the actual network environment, users can simply use the anonymous network system to
Configuration allows you to surf the Internet scientifically or anonymously.

@High egress bandwidth - 10M100M egress bandwidth fully meets bandwidth requirements.

@ The highly concealed system deploys hundreds of relay nodes, adopts a random selection strategy, and can be combined
Communication paths on the order of 100,000, and the exit node will automatically update the selection every 5-10 minutes, which is effective
Avoid traffic being analyzed and tracked.

@ Strong security - all communication data of the system are transmitted using unique encryption technology throughout the entire process.
Effectively avoid being monitored.

@ High ease of use - you can surf the Internet anonymously by simply using the terminal for simple configuration.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 36/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider





3.1.5 Product pictures









"Anonymous anti-Zhang wall product physical picture)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 37/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

Four other product categories



4.1 Domestic public opinion tracking system

4.1.1 Product Introduction

The domestic Austrian information investigation system is a set of services for actual combat, targeting Baidu, Sina, Tianya and other Internet
A dedicated confidential application system for real-time query of netizen registration information on mainstream interactive network platforms.

4.1.2 Product functions

> Sina Weibo information query: Weibo link or nickname query mobile phone, mobile phone or email query Weibo

ID、

1)

2)

3)

thin

Weibo history login IJP, Weibo picture traceability.

Query mobile phone via Weibo link or nickname: You can associate it with Sina Weibo URL or nickname
Sina Weibo user’s registered mobile phone number and email address.

Query Weibo ID via mobile phone or email: You can associate its new
Lang Weibo nickname or ID.

Weibo historical login IP: Through the Sina Weibo nickname, you can associate the account’s historical login IP
Record the IP, login time and location.

Weibo picture traceability: Through the Sina picture URL, you can trace the source of its Sina Weibo nickname,
ID, which is further associated with the mobile phone number bound to their account.

> Baidu information query: Nickname query mobile phone, mobile phone or email query account, query to know the anonymity
Accounts and Baidu network disk were launched.

1)

2)

3)

thin

Nickname query mobile phone: Through Baidu user account or nickname, you can associate the Baidu user's
Bind mobile phone number.

Check the account via mobile phone or email; you can connect its Baidu users through your mobile phone or email account
Account number or nickname.

Query to know the anonymous account; know the anonymous link through Baidu, and you can associate its Baidu user
Mian said that he further linked his bound mobile phone number.

Launched by Baidu Netdisk: Sharing links through Baidu Netdisk can be associated with their Baidu user nicknames
Said, further linked to its bound mobile phone number.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 38/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



three

Tianya Forum information query: Through the Tianya user ID, you can associate the bound mobile phone of its Tianya user

phone number, or associate it with its Tianya ID based on its mobile phone number.

WeChat information query: Add friend QR code to analyze WeChat ID, WeChat payment code to analyze WeChat ID,

Check WeChat via mobile phone or QQ number.

1) Add friend QR code to resolve WeChat ID: Associate friend’s QR code with their WeChat ID.

2) WeChat payment code analysis WeChat ID: associate its WeChat ID through the WeChat payment QR code.

3) Query WeChat via mobile phone or QQ number: Connect the WeChat bound to it through the mobile phone or QQ number
ID。

Mala community information query: Through the Mala community user tid, you can associate its bound mobile phone number

code.

QQ tribe information query: Submit the link URL of the QQ tribe article to associate with its QQ tribe information

breath

Operator real-name reference; supports fuzzy name query for China Unicom mobile phone number.



Six "probe functions: IP positioning, expression probe, link probe.

1) IP positioning: Enter the IP and associate its TIP positioning address.

2) Expression probe: Send an expression picture link to the target in the interactive forum, and the target will open it.
Then, obtain the target's IJP, port, time, browser version and other information.

3) Link probe: Add a hyperlink to the article. After the target is clicked, get the target's
IP, port, time, browser version and other information.

4.1.3 Industry advantages

High ease of use - the interface is simple and easy to operate, and users can enter as required
breath.

Quick query - real-time online query through the Internet to quickly obtain return information.

Rich content - supports querying related information on multiple mainstream platforms such as Baidu, Sina, Tianya, Mala Community, etc.
contact information.

High security - multi-link encryption is used during the query process to ensure the security of data acquisition.

Book

You can get the inquiry letter by





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 39/150

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



41.4 Product pictures









"Interface Diagram of Domestic and Situation Investigation System")

4.2 Steel seat anti-gambling platform
42.1 Product Introduction
The anti-gambling platform is a product professionally designed for relevant departments to combat online gambling crimes.
Taste. Provides control, analysis, and judgment of online gambling data. Based on the data information provided, relevant departments can
Quickly locate suspected targets based on data characteristics and detailed information, and use the platform’s online gambling data as support to conduct in-depth
Carry out online gambling criminal investigation tasks to achieve an overall crackdown on online gambling organizations.
4.2.2 Product functions
> Data query; users can search for relevant identity information according to their needs. The identity information includes account name,
Attributes, password, name, screen name, mobile phone number, mobile phone location, email, login IP, login
Various information such as location, address, superior agent, etc. You can click the operation button for suspicious identities.
View detailed information and file a case.
> "Case Management: The platform supports case filing, investigation and analysis based on the basic information of financial-related users.
Analysis, combine the data information of the target account to conduct correlation analysis, and grasp the target’s superior and subordinate relationship network
Network map, distribution trend of offline registration time. Proportion of bank card case value, regional distribution of offline users,
Various information such as the proportion of offline users' case value, and support the editing and deletion functions of cases to achieve
Supplement and improve the registered account information.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 40150

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



> Email acquisition: When the target clicks on the execution file/evidence collection link, the platform can obtain the target’s email address
Limit, thereby obtaining the inbox, outbox, contacts and other email data contents of the target mailbox.

"Six" task management: The platform supports the management of each target mailbox creation task, and you can view each task at any time.
The progress of each task can be comprehensively grasped in real time to facilitate management.

> "Log records: The platform supports viewing log records to facilitate users to view operation details.
1.1.3 Industry advantages

@ Non-inductive forensics - by executing files/forensic links one by one, the backend system can quickly obtain their account rights
There is no need for the target person to enter the account password again, which reduces the target person's vigilance and defense line.

@ Two-step verification bypass technology - the platform can directly bypass login ears, mobile phone verification codes, etc. Google/WeChat
Soft secondary verification, the target does not actively sense the entire process, and the target email data is obtained.











ma



middle time
[
"Email encrypted platform interface diagram")

1.2 Twitter Control Forensics Platform

1.2.1 Product Introduction

The Twitter Control Forensics Platform is a platform for querying and responding to Twitter account information on overseas social platforms.
A product that integrates control and monitoring, using exclusive non-inductive forensics technology and big data intelligent private bug technology to achieve
Comprehensive data information monitoring of Twitter accounts.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 4/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

4.2.3 Industry advantages

@ Comprehensive and reliable data - the platform provides comprehensive user data related to donations and provides law enforcement with a large amount of data related to donations.
Account data information of financial personnel, and regularly update platform data to ensure that the platform’s financial
Data accuracy, validity and reliability.

@” Fits the business scenario—the platform is designed based on the business process of financial cases. Users can use the platform to
Realize the discovery of suspicious accounts, investigation, comprehensive analysis and traceability, and final case detection, providing
Developed complete business processes and case detection ideas.

@ The platform is stable and reliable - the platform is designed based on SaaS services, and the platform’s data is more
Updates and maintenance are all managed and maintained by professionals to ensure that the entire platform can operate 24/7
It operates stably at all times and provides users with timely after-sales support services.

42.4 Product pictures









ip. 8RiPG must land



〈Gu Ma Anti-Gambling Platform Interface Picture)

4.3 Practical training platform
43.1 Product Introduction

The practical training platform is based on the practical experience of network security penetration accumulated by Antao Information for many years, combining various networks
A set of professional practical training platform independently developed to meet the skill requirements of cyber security personnel by cyber investigation units.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 41/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Students can conduct real network security confrontations in an intranet penetration environment built 1:1 based on actual combat scenarios.
Improve students' practical work ability.

Central management platform (hard side)

Large display screen for actual combat training

Penetration Environment Cluster Flat Internal Training Exercise Area







|. Environment import il practice | Personnel A Personnel B Personnel C
Team competition

server server
Home 国二全一| Tuantuanxuan
Server Used Half Person D Person E Person F











"Actual Training Platform Operation Form Diagram)"

4.3.2 Product functions

three

three

Environment management: The system has built-in virtual machine templates for common website, email, OA and other servers to teach
Members only need to select the corresponding virtual machine template on the scene production interface to add it, and can quickly build
Network simulation environment. At the same time, the platform supports custom uploading of the target simulation environment. Through this function, you can
In order to create the same network attack and defense environment as students' real learning and work.

Question management: Teachers can use the question management function to create new competition questions, set the name of the question,
Difficulty and question type. The question type is suitable for actual intranet vulnerabilities, including reverse engineering, vulnerability mining and exploitation.
Application, Web penetration, cryptography, forensics, steganography, secure programming and other categories to improve students'
Real confrontation ability and practical work ability.

Competition management: Teachers can use the competition management function to generate different types of questions from the question bank.
Post the test paper for the competition, set the competition name, competition time, and competition rules, and view them in real time.
Game progress and results

Team management: supports the function of creating a team, setting the team name, team logo, and joining password.
Each participating team member can join different teams through passwords to conduct actual combat exercises and improve the team.
Collaborative combat capabilities.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 42/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

4.3.3 Industry advantages

@ The real intranet environment-one-to-one practical training platform is based on our company’s many years of experience in APT penetration attacks
Combined with research and development, the problem-solving model is brought into the real intranet environment. On the one hand, students can solve the problem through
question submission flag, and at the same time, you can discover the hosts in the entire intranet based on the clues of each question.
Perform the next step of penetration.

@ Visual simulation environment customization - the platform supports users to customize the upload environment. On the one hand,
Conduct real network attack and defense training to improve students’ practical work capabilities; on the other hand, it can also
Conduct scientific research and testing of new technologies in these environments to improve the unit’s scientific research level in network attack and defense.

flat.

@ Hot security event analysis and restoration - a practical platform can simulate the real environment of hot security events
environment, can analyze and restore events, and restore the offensive and defensive technologies involved in the event to actual combat to provide
student











Practical training platform interface



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 43/150

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

4.4 Skywalker Data Query Platform
441 Product Introduction
The Skywalker data query platform is a set of services that provide targeted logistics information and network identity information.
A dedicated confidential application system for real-time query. The platform is supported by logistics information and synchronizes relevant target information.
Achieve comprehensive acquisition of target person information.
The Skywalker data query platform is provided to customers for use based on cloud services. Users are authorized to
The dongle can be used to log in to the system and use the functional modules of each system.





Authorized User 2

(Operation form diagram of Skywalker data query platform)

442 product features

> "Basic information query: Enter any key of the phone number, email address, and user name of the target to be queried.
By typing, basic information such as the target’s name, ID card information, household registration address, etc. can be queried.

>Logistics information query; after querying the target person’s information, you can close the query based on the query keywords.
Query to find out the target’s logistics information address.

>Related data query (under development): After querying the target person information, you can
Keywords can be associated to query the target's user ID, email address and other information.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 44/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



>Virtual identity query (under development): After querying the target person’s information, you can
Keywords can be associated to query the target’s virtual identity on the Internet, including QQ8, WeChat, Sina Weibo,
Facebook, Twitter and other account information.

44.3 Industry advantages

@ Simple operation - the interface is simple and easy to operate. Just enter the target information keywords as required to get it.
search information.

@ Data support - the platform has built-in our company's unique threat intelligence data to track information from relevant departments
As support, users can query online in real time through the Internet and quickly obtain returned information.

@ High security - In order to ensure the security and concealment of the query, the platform uses
Link multi-layer encryption technology, combined with USB key login, ensures data query requests and result feedback

Security of two-way communication.

Book



444 product images







Mamoru Skywalker





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 45/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



[This ta Fl aiawangwanger
Down

Number person

1      3

am back
xm

mm of

ra divination

"Skywalker Data Query Platform Interface Diagram)

4.5 Email analysis intelligence decision-making system

45.1 Product Introduction

The email analysis intelligence decision-making system is developed and designed based on text recognition big data technology to support the processing of massive emails.
Quickly identify and analyze data to extract intelligence information such as keywords, sensitive words, person relationships, contact information, etc.

The system is simple to install and deploy. You only need to deploy the application software on the server to realize large-scale mail processing.

Data analysis applications.
data analysis
text recognition
information extraction
Keyword query
Contact search,
Character Relationship Analysis "Must" Basics Essential Basics
Regional location information
ee operation user email analysis intelligence decision-making system email data



"Email Analysis Intelligence Decision-Making System Attack Chart")
4.5.2 Product functions
> Automatic mail collection: The system supports automation under SMTP, POP3, iMAP, and Exchange protocols
Receive mail;, Exchange supports the use of non-clear text passwords to receive mail.
>Quick full-text search: The system supports searching for different data sources based on time, region, tags and other conditions.
Quickly search email data.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 46/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



three

three

Relationship network sorting: The system supports characterization of the relationship network of target emails, including email exchanges
Information, contact information in emails, regional geographical location information, interpersonal dimension information, etc.
It can also realize comparative analysis of a single target and generate a comparative analysis report.

Early warning research and analysis: The system supports classification and grouping management of acquired email data sources, and can
Different data sources are combined and analyzed in series, and combined with sensitive lexicon for comprehensive analysis to achieve
Now conduct early warning research and judgment on target information.



4.5.3 Product parameters

















Operating system Windows/Linux operating system
CPU Intel Xeon E5-2600 v3+2
Server performance
Memory 8G
Hard drive capacity 2T
Browser needs to support HTML5
Processing total volume: 100,000 emails/station
From "If the server performance in the table is met, the total processing volume can increase with performance improvement"
Cluster function supported, performance increases linearly after adopting cluster mode







4.5.4 Industry advantages

High accuracy - the system adopts big data architecture and intelligent text recognition technology to realize massive mail processing
Quick analysis, accurate extraction, and quick comparison of files.

The powerful system supports various relationship analysis and value information extraction of target emails, including
Including but not limited to email exchange information, geographical location information, communication information, activity information, etc.
High stability - the system is stable and reliable, supporting 24/7 uninterrupted operation.

Ease of use - the system is simple to operate and adopts a graphical operation interface.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 47/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



4.5.5 Product pictures











"Screenshot of functions of email analysis intelligence decision-making system)"

4.6 Antao Cloud Intelligence Analysis and Decision Platform

4.6.1 Product Introduction

Antao Cloud intelligence analysis and decision-making platform combines our company's unique threat intelligence data and supports structured and unstructured
Import structured intelligence data, intelligently extract and analyze massive intelligence data, conduct comprehensive correlation query, intelligence analysis and decision-making
platform.

The platform supports two application methods: one is SaaS cloud service, using client software and authorization lock
Log in to the platform to realize intelligence query, analysis and decision-making; the second is to build your own private Antao Cloud to combine your own intelligence data with the security
Taoyun cloud has already integrated threat intelligence data to realize intelligence query analysis and decision-making.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 48/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

data storage

Antao Cloud Platform

1



Unique unwoven roots of love. Various related data

《

Antao cloud intelligence analysis and decision-making platform operation form diagram)

4.6.2 Product functions
> Data cleaning and storage: The platform has built-in unique communication threat intelligence data, and can also be combined with user
Own intelligence data, import and analyze information data in various formats, including: databases, etc.
Structured data and unstructured data formats such as documents and images.
Based on the platform’s powerful algorithm capabilities, different data sources can be selected.

> In-depth analysis of relationships;

algorithm model, for massive numbers
Similar picture search, ID identification



















> Deep mining of data intelligence. Through in-depth analysis of massive data, the platform
Conduct in-depth mining to extract and decrypt the target’s geographical location, important numbers, and suspected accounts.

person portrait restoration
two

Conduct in-depth analysis of the relationship between data, support automatic face detection,
and other methods to provide users with comprehensive communications intelligence and decision-making information.

further improve the intelligence









Restoration of important events, restoration of character attributes and portraits, intelligence popularity, sensitive words and other data
Digging.
4.6.3 Product parameters
[|
Provide PB-level massive data capacity storage
Data processing volume PB level data
Data analysis processing speed in seconds
Data import speed seconds
Password cracking speed secret level











Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

49/150

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Sensitive word statistics, multiple categories, support customization
4.6.4 Industry advantages

@ High scalability - the platform can provide application extension API interfaces based on user business needs, enriching
Extended applications.

@ ”High accuracy - the platform supports second-level accurate retrieval of single or multiple conditions for the target, and obtains
Get target information.

@ The comprehensive platform supports multiple data sources (email data, communication data, social data)
Analysis and calculation, and the platform has built-in Antao Information’s unique intelligence data to fully grasp the data intelligence

@ The highly convenient platform is based on deep learning technology and can quickly extract and analyze massive data, making it
High efficiency and convenience.

@ Strong usability - easy platform deployment and installation, simple operation.













4.6.5 Product pictures







"Interface diagram of Antao Cloud intelligence analysis and decision-making platform"



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 50/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



1.2.2 Product functions

three

Twitter registration information query: The platform supports querying the registration information based on the Twitter account
Mobile phone number and email address.

Twitter account countermeasures: The platform can use user-specified links (real or customized links)
(Connect) Generate a forensic link, send it to the target and induce it to click and perform related operations to implement
Now the target is to obtain Twitter private messages, send/delete/forward/comment/like tweets.
Twitter account monitoring, the platform supports real-time monitoring of Twitter accounts, the first time
Update the target Twitter account's dynamic information.



1.2.3 Industry advantages

The query speed is fast—according to the submitted target information, the query results will be returned in 3-5 minutes.
Data updates quickly—the system currently runs no less than 100 million pieces of raw data every day, and supports
Available data is updated in real time every day.

Obtain target information without any sense one by one through forensic links, and the backend system can quickly log in to the target person
Twitter account is used to operate without the target person’s account password, reducing the target’s vigilance.
Comprehensive functions - by obtaining the permission of the target person's Twitter account, the background can directly
Operate the Twitter account and fully control the target person’s Twitter account.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 5/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



1.2.4 Product pictures









(Twitter control forensics platform system interface diagram)



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 6/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

1.3 Windows remote control management system
1.3.1 Product Introduction
The Windows remote control management system is based on the current mainstream network architecture and Windows system environment.
Research and development to realize remote operation, monitoring and evidence collection of Windows systems.
The system is mainly composed of a generator and a controller. The program generated by the generator is implanted into the target host.
And run, the investigators can see the online information of the target host on the controller side, and according to the investigators
command to return the data of the target host to the investigators.

LT
Book

Windows remote control management system



control host control host
(Windows remote control management system operation form diagram)

1.3.2 Applicable environment

Windows XP/Vista/7/8/8.1710
Windows Server 2003/2008/2012/2016
Windows Vista/7/8/8.1710
Windows Server 2008/2012/2016

x86



xX64









1.3.3 Product functions
> Resource management: Supports comprehensive management of files in the target operating system, and can
Perform browsing operations, upload, download, delete, execute, rename and other operations.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 7/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider



three

WT

Process management: Supports application processes, background processes, and Windows running on the target operating system.
Processes, etc. are monitored and controlled in real time. Including operations such as viewing, refreshing, and ending.

Service management: Supports real-time remote management of the service status of the target operating system. Including transportation
Run, pause, stop, delete and other operations.

Registry management: Supports remote management of the operating system registry. Including viewing related programs
Registry information, modify, delete and other operations on registry information.

CMD console: Supports CMD command operations on the target operating system.

Screenshot: Supports taking screenshots of computers with target operating systems.

Keylogging: Supports recording every key pressed by the target when operating the keyboard.
Document access record: Supports recording of files recently accessed by the target.

Online log recording: Supports recording logs of the target host's online and offline time.
Remote configuration modification: After the controlled terminal goes online, the system supports remote modification of the target machine’s online address and login address.
Enter process information.

Intranet cascading online: The system supports three ways to go online: TCP, UDP and automatic network interconnection protocol.
Supports PCs in the same LAN that cannot access the Internet to use PCs that can access the Internet to upload data online.
Export online host information: Supports exporting basic personal information of online hosts, including: Online hosts
Name, internal IP address, external IP address, host memory, hard drive, CPU, network speed and other system operations
row and usage status information.

Disconnect: The system has an active disconnection function. After the active disconnection, the controlled end supports
Supports real-time refresh of online domain name DNS resolution or online IP address.

Printing server: After the control supervision is completed, the controlled operating system supports remote printing services.
1.3.4 Industry advantages

High stability - the entire system is based on the new trend of remote control and adopts independent code maintenance and independent encryption.
Certification and independent encryption algorithms fully ensure that the control system has high stability and is not prone to offline.
Efficient transmission - the system has a built-in independent download engine to achieve extreme file transmission, which can be based on the network
Adaptively transfer files based on network speed. The file transfer speed can reach up to 2M network bandwidth.
800KB/S。



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 8/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

@ Strong anti-killing capability - The system adopts the industry's unique breakthrough anti-virus active defense technology, which has strong anti-killing capability.
It can avoid detection by 95% of anti-virus software on the market, such as Domestic 360, Renjinshan Anti-Virus, and Tencent Computer
Butler; foreign mainstream anti-virus software such as Kaspersky, Symantec, and McCafé. and based on
Dual technologies of storage polymorphism production and file polymorphism production can effectively avoid memory dynamic scanning and
File static scanning protection mechanism.

@ Strong concealment - supports self-starting and self-deletion of the controlled program after installation, and supports related programs
After the program is successfully installed, the installation files are automatically deleted.

@ Wide applicability: Supports mainstream x86/x64 Windows operating systems (including the latest Winl10).

@. In addition, the usability is good - the entire system has a simple interface, simple operation, and is convenient for users to get started quickly.

1.3.5 Product pictures

Seoniy Sm won













































Werege wew tee Hep
Compur um plus anoauaoe Mo four netb cm
Rihuiyuan"am

stemee

Process

Silks

Pasteite

crd

Capture

enagrr

Recentfiles
Four Nota. Se
Cape And
[CEPTT Was Dieonrec mm mne

Day p

Repor











(Windows remote control management system interface diagram)

1.4 Mac remote control management system

1.4.1 Product Introduction
The Mac remote control management system is designed for Apple computer systems to realize remote file management and screen monitoring.
Products with functions such as control and keylogging.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 9/50

Professional digital intelligence solution provider

The system consists of two parts: the control end and the server end. The control end adopts the CVS architecture. The user controls
The server sends control instructions to the target computer, and after receiving the instructions, the server executes the user's control of the target computer.
control operations.

Mac remote control management system



Control terminal

@@
-Collect and wait for evidence

Check personnel
All personnel Control host Target host
"Mac remote control management system operation form diagram)
1.4.2 Applicable environment



Control question Fully compatible with Windows NT, Windows2000, WindowsXP, Windows
2003 VISTA, Windows7 and other operating systems
Server side is compatible with all versions of Apple operating system









1.4.3 Product functions

> Information management: The console interface supports displaying the computer name, user name,
Operating system kernel and currently released version information, etc.

> File management: Supports creating, uploading, and downloading files on the target computer (supports breakpoints
resume), delete, rename and other operations.

"Six" Shell command: Supports Shell1 command operation on the target computer.

>Screenshot: Supports taking screenshots of the target computer.

>Keyboard Logging: Supports recording every key pressed by the target when operating the keyboard.











Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 10/50

11:52 7 44 4G country),



Book .2

"Shanghai Disney Resort 4...:

Overview Booking Reviews Details Recommendations
Today's trip "Tomorrow's trip" More dates >

Ticket + Express Pass + Express Entry

1-item ticket + 8 express items 1-day ticket + 12 express items

ES Erla Pass + Express Entry
Priority access and exclusive access to the park for selected items once View >
Cumulative sales volume is 15,000+

Unlimited crowd (basic package)

Available for booking on September 15th | Conditional refund | Required to gather for admission

Free 40% off hotel coupon Y899 straight

200+ sold | Purchase instructions >

No limit to the number of people (guided tour accompanying)

Available for booking on September 15th | Non-refundable | Required to gather for admission
Free 40% off hotel coupon starting from Y949

2000+ sold | Purchase instructions >

No crowd restrictions (exclusive fireworks viewing area)
Available for booking on September 15th | Non-refundable | Required to gather for admission 2
Free 40% off hotel coupon Y1029

36 sold | Purchase instructions >

No restrictions on people or groups (exclusive viewing area for fireworks + exclusive area for floats)
Available for booking on September 15th | Non-refundable | Required to gather for admission
Hard 5 tribute starting from yx1099

900+ sold | Purchase instructions >

Collapse into

1 click
Cn by] Ji Entering the park opening reminder 041 Entering reservation
Add to favorites "Add route" and write a review






Anxun information
Professional, leading and reputable
Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version
Product white paper
Anxun information
July 18, 2022
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
interface
Network mode
1 x WAN Ethernet port
4 x LAN Ethernet ports


1 x reset button
1 x 12V/1.5A DC input
Wired/Wireless
Maximum download speed 60Mbps
210 x 120 x 36.8 mm, 445 g
Internet speed
size and weight
access device
Mobile phones, desktop computers, laptops
【Anxun information|
Page 11 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
1 Background introduction
2 Requirements analysis
3 Product Introduction
4 Product Architecture
5 core functions
5.1 Scientific Internet Function
5.1.1 Client scientific Internet settings.
5.1.2 Server nodes.
5.1.3 Access control...
5.1.4 Status check and update..
5.2 Network configuration
5.2.1 Wired interface settings.
5.2.2 Wireless settings..
5.2.3 Network Diagnosis..
5.3 System configuration
5.3.1 Management permissions..
5.3.2 Backup/upgrade.
6 product scenarios
7 core advantages
7.1 The node line is of high quality, stable and has many options.
7.2 The equipment has stable performance and powerful performance,
7.3 Automatic switchover of node failures
8 product form
8.1 Deployment method
8.2 Product parameters
【Anxun information|
Table of contents
Page 2 of 11
























[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
1Background introduction
With the development of network technology, network information technology has penetrated into various fields such
as military, transportation, scientific research, economy, culture, education and social life around the world, and has brought huge
impetus to human development. At the same time, the Internet has gradually entered into our daily lives, greatly changing our
survival model and becoming an indispensable part of our lives. Through computer networks, we can obtain information across
time and space, communicate with others conveniently, and directly understand current affairs news, acquire all kinds of latest
knowledge, and realize information sharing resources.
As the Internet penetrates into all aspects of society, economy, and politics, a large number of negative and untrue remarks flood the Internet.
Internet public opinion is the mapping of social public opinion in the Internet space and a direct reflection of social public opinion. Therefore, relevant
law enforcement personnel in our country also need to understand and grasp domestic and foreign online public opinions in a timely and
comprehensive manner. Due to the complex network environment and special business scenarios, an efficient, fast, and stable scientific Internet access device is
needed.
2Requirements analysis
The "Scientific Internet Box" should be designed around the needs of relevant law enforcement agencies to promptly and quickly access
global websites, so that law enforcement officers can quickly access global websites and provide high-availability network bandwidth. The Internet link
adopts Baiyan's network protocol, which not only provides security protection for the Baishen network, but also has a variety of static and dynamic
ways to connect to the network, which can meet the needs of different network environments to monitor domestic and foreign network public opinion.
3Product Introduction
"Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version" is a routing device that enables global website access. The product has wireless and wired
functions, powerful performance, and supports WIFI6. Users can choose wired network, wireless network and other connection
methods according to different network environments. After logging in to the web setting interface and completing the settings, the function
of scientific Internet access can be realized.
【Anxun information|
Page 3 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
4 Product Architecture
Application layer
global website
System layer
network node
Device layer
Scientific Internet Box
user layer
user equipment
("Scientific Internet Box" system architecture diagram)
1. The overall architecture design of the scientific Internet link is divided into user layer, device layer, system layer and application
layer, of which the core is the device layer and system layer. The device layer is the hardware foundation, and the system layer provides
various service modules of the device to ensure the stability of the entire "scientific Internet box" and provide users with high-speed
scientific Internet services. The application layer allows users to complete the access and normal use of over-the-wall links by using "scientific
Internet boxes" under the premise of obtaining system authorization.
2. Therefore, the construction of the entire system mainly includes the following aspects:
> User layer: The user layer refers to users’ devices, including mobile phones, portable notebooks, desktops, etc., which
can meet the needs of different Internet access devices;
▶ Equipment layer: The equipment layer is the "Scientific Internet Box". Users can log in to the backend center and make simple
settings to enable scientific Internet services;
▶ System layer: The system layer is mainly network nodes distributed around the world. According to the user's settings, the system
will select the corresponding Internet link and optimize the connection of network nodes between Internet links to achieve stable
Determine the purpose of high-speed scientific Internet access;
【Anxun information|
Page 4 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
> Application layer: scientific Internet service, users can access global websites.
5 core functions
5.1 Scientific Internet Function
5.1.1 Client scientific Internet settings
move.
Multi-threaded concurrent forwarding: The default is automatic, the user can choose according to the actual situation, and simply select automatic
Industrial server: Select various nodes around the world according to needs.
Operation mode: The system provides 4 modes, GFW list mode, bypassing mainland China IP mode, global
mode, and overseas users returning home mode. Use global mode by default
Ports requiring proxy: Default is all ports
Scientific Internet Settings
Multiple protocols, fast and high speed!

+Server
[SSR]:] Hong Kong 01
Multi-threaded concurrent forwarding
automatic (number of CPU threads
Run mode
global mode
Ports requiring proxy
All ports (default)
DNS resolution method
Query and cache using PDNSD TCP
Access foreign city name DNS
server Google Public DNS (8.8.4.4)
●The format is IP:PORT (default:8.8.4.4.53)
5.1.2 Server node
Server node subscription and management: You can update the latest provided server nodes, delete all server
nodes, and the number of all nodes in the past day.
Node list: You can see information related to all server nodes more intuitively and quickly apply the required nodes.
【Anxun information|
Page 5 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
point.
Server node subscription and management
Update parser and subscriber nodes
Delete listening and subscription services
Subscriber server stuck point
Number of sheets:104

TENSION





[Hong Kong 03

O ma
Automatic switching
IEPL enterprise-level intranet dedicated line ignores walls and is available during sensitive periods. It has 100+ global landing
nodes, nodes in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, Russia, the United States, the United Kingdom and other regions. The highest rate of
100Mbps is available, and 99% service availability is guaranteed.
serial number
area
quantity

Hongkong


Japan


USA


Singapore


Taiwan


India


U.K.


Russia

5.1.3 Access control
According to the actual situation, you can fill in the domain names that do not use agents, the domain names that force agents to use, and the domain names that prohibit
links.
【Anxun information|
Page 6 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper
Interface Control WAN IP Access Control
LAN IP access control
Cheng Bai who is not an agent
Force the proxy domain name to be used
Forbidden city dragon name
Netflix distribution city list
5.1.4 Status check and update
You can check whether Google and Baidu can be connected and perform network checks.
The GFW list and domestic IP network segments can be updated.
5.2 Network configuration
5.2.1 Wired interface settings
The WAN port transmission protocol supports a total of 9 protocols such as static address, DHCP, PPPoE, etc.
General configuration
basic settings
advanced settings
physical setup
Firewall settings
sudden.
The LAN port setting can modify the IP network segment of the LAN port according to the user's actual situation, which can avoid conflict with the internal network.
state
Running time: Oh 44m 18s
MAC address:94:83:C4:1B:6A:D2
Received: 241.11 MB (193841 packets)
Sent: 21.67 MB (75774 packets)
IPv4: 192.168.50.160/24
Transfer Protocol
DHCP client
static address
Hostname sent when requesting DHCP
DHCP client
No protocol configuration
Return to overview






【Anxun information|
Page 7 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
basic settings
advanced settings
physical setup
Firewall settings
Running time: Oh 44m 40s
state
MAC address:94:83 C4:1B:6A:D3
Received: 21.35 MB (124900 packets)
or-lan sent: 237.37 MB (80731 packets)
IPv4: 192.168.221.1/24
IPv6: fdcf:e34a:ba19::1/60
Transfer Protocol
static address
IPv4 address

IPv4 netmask

IPv4 gateway
IPv4 broadcast
5.2.2 Wireless settings
Currently, Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Edition supports two WIFI frequency band settings, 2.4GHz and 5
GHz. Users can choose different channels and bandwidths according to the actual network environment. The device
supports WIFI6, which greatly improves the user experience.

Channels: 36 (5.180 GHz) | Transmission rate: 288 Mbit/s

SSID: GFP-OG | Mode: Master
BSSID: 94:83:C4:1B:6A:D4 | Encryption: WPA2 PSK (CCMP)

Channel: 1 (2.412 GHz) | Transmission rate: 1Mbit/s

SSID: GFP | Mode: Master

5.2.3 Network Diagnosis
Provides 3 diagnostic tools, namely Ping, Traceroute, and Nslookup
Network tools
IPv4

IPv4


【Anxun information|
Page 8 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper|
5.3 System configuration
5.3.1 Management permissions
The background management password can be modified according to user habits
host password
Change the administrator password for accessing the device
password
Confirm Password
5.3.2 Backup/upgrade
The latest system package can be updated conveniently, making it convenient for users to upgrade.
Flash new firmware
Upload a firmware image file in sysupgrade format to replace the currently running firmware, and check "Keep configuration" so that the updated system still uses the current system configuration (the new firmware needs to be compatible with the current firmware).
Keep configuration
Firmware file:
Select file Do not select any file
Flash file...
6 product scenarios
"Scientific Internet Box" is a product used to view global public opinion comments. It is suitable for efficient and stable
implementation of reconnaissance operations when conducting network reconnaissance and collecting QB data. It can hide the real exit
and prevent the leakage of the user's real IP address and physical address. It can be directly connected to the completed Internet system
to achieve the role of global network public opinion supervision.
7 core advantages
7.1 The node line is of high quality, stable and has many options.
Based on Anxun's years of experience in scientific Internet access, high-quality nodes are selected, the lines are stable and available during sensitive periods,
the number of nodes is large, and there are many options.
【Anxun information|
Page 9 of 11
[Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version Product White Paper
7.2 Equipment performance is stable and powerful
In terms of equipment selection, we chose the IPQ6000 quad-core Arm processor @1.2GHz. The CPU performance
is stable and powerful. It supports WIFI6 and provides better wireless signals.
7.3 Automatic switchover of node failures
node. The
system will automatically detect the node information currently in use. If a failure occurs, the node will automatically switch to the next node.
8 product forms
8.1 Deployment method
"Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Edition" is an all-in-one hardware device similar to routing. The equipment is mainly connected
to the entire scientific Internet link through the local operator network, so the local operator only needs to provide an available
operator network to complete the deployment and normal use.
1. Establishment of network environment for GFPass equipment
internet
● Turn on the power
● WAN port connects to public network
● LAN port connected to computer
8.2 Product parameters
【Anxun information|
parameter
Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version
Architecture

Memory

IPQ6000 Quad-Core Arm Processor @1.2GHz
DDR3L 512MB / NAND flash 128MB
Page 10 of 11
ai and



army headquarters

ASEAN Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Defense Navy

railway of thailand

Ministry of Digital Economy and Society



Are you guaranteed to get it?

certainly

If you can't take it off, return it immediately

Post service! By service!

Traffic monitoring can be bypassed

back

12:53 ai 4G dream)

eight

Wang Zhe

The latter one: You are all the same in terms of fines and confiscations, including losing your job.
At . The deduction will be cancelled at the end of the year. These are the things I will apply to you.
Please benefit. I didn't punish many things, including
Including you, I have never wanted to punish you
management, you also enjoy a lot of this
Welfare.




Is there any point in punishing you? There is indeed no point in punishing you. You
I’m not afraid of punishment, and I won’t not write weekly if I’m afraid of punishment.
Reported.



Penalty? Aren’t all benefits and incomes the same? No.
Is it just cooking in a big pot?" Our income is all in
The company has been working hard step by step for so many years.
Come out! Others are the same as soon as they come in, so I am
It’s not understandable. I can resign first and then start again.
Join the job and then apply for an industry manager? And the first
There is no need to memorize performance in the new year!

I will help you increase your income step by step

Yes, when you get this salary, how much have you accomplished?
One year of less performance. Your performance started to be good last year
When I got up, I was already getting this salary at that time

Yes, isn't it?

Besides, are the nature of your jobs the same?
Are they the same? "You are a sales manager and grow up to be a district manager.
Domain manager's. Industry managers hold industry information

Source, who comes to do industry expansion, the nature of the work is
Different, you want to be fair? Yes, you know that too
There is no need to memorize performance, it will take one or two years of hard work
"Dian, it's for Harong." Yang Weixian said that it will take one to two years.

Two Se



Check
Books(E) > BaiduNetdiskDownload > New 2021-11-24 >

go

Name Modification date
Instructions document from the Public Taxation Office of North Kepedonia 2022/1/4
Note from the North Macedonian European Affairs Secretariat 2022/1/4

North Macedonia Instructions 2022/1/4



it has no specific back group

Come out from different file servers and store them separately.
Saving is now possible

Take one by one and save one by one

Now you can only see the content



scffaa mipe Peruvian Armed Forces United
Oman

Ethiopian bank documentation
Australia
Papua New Guinea Prime Minister's Office and National Executive Council
Description from the Palestinian Prime Minister's Office
North Macedonia

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Congo
Kazakhstan kcell telecom instructions
Djibouti

Prime Minister's Office of Guinea

cambodia race
Note from the Romanian Ministry of Finance

South African Special Forces Documentation
Look at Kailu

Panic India Employees Provident Fund Explained













0100GA416
21-08



Entrust us and want to buy a full box of Litai's internationally recognized Zhiliang



To be honest, I have taken this position before, but
The timeliness of retrieval is not good. I will read a lot of things today.
It seems valuable, but it will be gone in two days.

According to your cooperation experience, you have some opinions on this update.
What's the requirement?

Is near real-time postback possible?



File Actions Edit View Help

superior
Sunzip -1 JYC.zip
let

Length      [3





Sun 2022-07-04
178 2022-07-04
Book
7
2628418 2022-07-04
234 2022-07-04



3109766

(kali@kali)-[~/documents]
IN

THE
0

__MACOSX/。_nato-9621
Like-9621/NATO-1.png
__MACOSX/nato-9621/._NATO-1.png
0
__MACOSX/nato-9621/._NATO-2.jpg

6 milestones

ali@cult ~/documents



















































































































MY Region (Malaysia) Introduction output size

KLN Diplomatic North Korea machine files, emails (history) 4000+ intra-domain hosts, 2500+ intra-domain users
KDN Ministry of Interior Machine files, emails 6300+ intra-domain hosts, 4100+ intra-domain users, 5000+ email users
MAMPU Administrative Modernization Bureau (under the Prime Minister's Office) Machine files 3200+ hosts in the domain, 4200+ users in the domain
MyGovuc My regional information integration platform, mainly for 300+1 mail (history) 38W+ mail users

MAN region 〈Mongolia)

MFA Diplomatic North Korea Machine files, emails 300+ intra-domain hosts, 600+ intra-domain users
police police station machine files, emails, 4500+ intra-domain hosts, 7100+ intra-domain users
Parliament Parliament has permission but has not gone into details

af region 〈A language Khan)

Passenger information (history) for flights corresponding to KAM Airlines

In Region 〈India)

BSNL Operator

Airindia Airlines has 100,000+ daily check-in users

ril operator: 170,000+ intra-domain hosts, 22,000+ intra-domain users
pk region (pakistan)

mofa Ministry of Foreign Affairs 10W+ users

hk region 〈Hong Kong)

immd Exit and Entry Administration machine file domain users 1.7w+,











































































































































































































































































































































































12. Xinhehe|Jiahehe Merchants Association
Yu Ministry of Human Resources Agricultural Research and Development Agency













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































5:08: All junior high schools

4《 5 Nancy CS….
People hit. These things all come from the same file server.
Or three different file servers
different

People click. I see there are many file abbreviations.
Some belong to parliament and council. Can we distinguish between them?

Four | Mention



Fortunately, this is not the same as today?j

MMR

MI









| UL

apmon no

IN |

Add SMS verification

Yu Xing Local Machinery Industry Office 18 |

" by 1

中 | | | ‖ h al
We are Www
Volume by | | 0




Anxun information
Professional, leading and reputable
Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform
Product white paper
Anxun Information·Corporate International Affairs Consulting
Center May 2022・Nanjing
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
6.2.4 Respond to user feedback promptly
Administrators can provide timely feedback on users' suggestions and opinions through the user feedback system.
Comment
Comment
customer feedback
← [Information material] fortest Please
provide information on the direction of India
Reply From Admin Received,
arrange as soon as possible!


reply
7 product advantages
Secure link ensures data transmission security
Secure link is implemented through routing-like anonymous communication network hardware equipment. Through strong link encryption,
multi-node jumps and random changes in exits, sensitive information such as the user's real IP address, physical address, interaction content and so
on are hidden to achieve anonymous surfing. Functional products. The system can prevent sensitive information from being tracked and interactive
content from being discovered, eliminating security risks.
Modular platform content meets complex scenario applications
Currently launched version 1.0, intelligence material module and in-depth intelligence module. This module is a working interface
for our back-end think tank resources. Users can subscribe to strategic intelligence produced by analysis teams in different professional fields
in the think tank resources according to their main work directions, including basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, and character intelligence. ,
economic intelligence, social intelligence, geographical intelligence, political intelligence and other related in-depth intelligence.
The combination of other module products can meet the various application needs of users in complex scenarios.
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 11 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
Intelligence big data platform
The Tianji data query platform is currently a single big data query platform that has been well received by users. It is designed to help
users quickly find their targets. Users access the data cloud service in an encrypted manner and type the target's name, phone number or social
media ID in the search box. The system can quickly and quickly locate the customer's target. At the same time, the system will display the target's
detailed identity information after the database has been expanded. The target detailed identity information queried by the user can be divided into
real identity information and network virtual identity information.
Reconstructing the relationship between people in cyberspace
Through intelligence big data, we summarize global events involving military, political, economic, social and other aspects, track the development
of events, and provide trends in situation evolution. Open up the security event character database, organization database, virtual character
code deciphering database, etc.; combine face AI recognition technology to enhance video and image data in various environments, dynamically capture
face recognition, identify corresponding key information, and conduct " "Character Portraits" analysis. Through commercial company
reputation ratings and character ratings, cyberspace character portraits are finally reconstructed to help users mine the relationships among target
groups, correlate the relationships between characters in physical space, and determine the spatiotemporal positioning of characters.
AI intelligence early warning mechanism
The world is currently on the verge of technological innovation. The coming all-digital era will change the pattern of global intelligence
applications and subvert the situation of obtaining intelligence through traditional methods such as manpower. Through AI big data algorithms
combined with in-depth intelligence analysis, strategic situation warnings and event warnings in related thematic fields are issued in the form
of large decision-making screens. Provide users with basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, predictive intelligence, character intelligence, economic
intelligence, social intelligence, military intelligence, geographical intelligence, and political intelligence. Only by helping users adapt to the new
technological era as quickly as possible can they remain invincible in the face of various complex environments such as business competition,
great power competition, regional challengers, terrorism, and new cases.
Comprehensive intelligence work assistance
Through dynamic construction of different modules in the SaaS platform, it can quickly adapt to different users to carry out
intelligence work or meet intelligence needs in an all-round environment. For example, you can quickly understand events, situation changes,
think tank reports, and policy interpretations in specific fields through smart mobile terminal devices. For example, in important time windows,
on the basis of meeting network security, data security, and identity security, we can quickly seize the opportunity to carry out
technical tasks, including information collection, format conversion, data query, dynamic creation of temporary data channels, and
distribution work. Instructions, task management and control, etc.
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 12 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
1 Background introduction
2 Pain point analysis
3 Product positioning
4 product goals
5 product architecture
6 product features
6.1 User-side functions
6.1.1 User login
6.1.2 Intelligence materials.
6.1.3 In-depth reporting
6.1.4 User feedback.
6.2 Management side functions
6.2.1 Administrator login.
6.2.2 Upload intelligence material resources.
6.2.3 Publish in-depth intelligence reports
Table of contents















6.2.4 Respond to user feedback in a timely manner.

7 product advantages
[Anxun Information Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 2 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
1Background introduction
With the rapid development of the Internet, people's dependence on Internet services is increasing day by day, and all
walks of life are at a critical node in coping with digital transformation. Globally, it is becoming a trend to research and develop big
data technology, use big data to promote economic development, improve social governance, and enhance government service and
regulatory capabilities.
Traditional illegal and criminal activities are developing into Internet-related activities. New types of cyber terrorism, public opinion warfare,
information warfare, and cognitive warfare are gradually entering the public eye, and the world pattern is quietly changing. Chinese enterprises have always grown
up in international competition and have always adopted open and transparent market competition strategies. However, as China's international status continues
to improve, the trend of "rising in the east and falling in the west" is obvious, and various unconventional means and forces have gradually emerged. .
2 pain point analysis
■ Difficulty in obtaining effective information in a timely manner
The change brought about by the big data era is the explosive growth of data volume. Both users in the public security field and ordinary
users need to face a practical problem, that is, how to obtain effective information in a timely manner. Whether it is changes in the international
political situation, the introduction of economic policies, or the occurrence of regional disputes, they will have an impact on all levels of
society. How to obtain effective information in a timely manner while blocking useless information has always been a difficult problem that
has not been effectively solved.
■ Difficulty in obtaining information safely and effectively
The definition of intelligence is information that has practical significance and value. It is evaluated information with the purpose of
helping decision makers and planners make correct decisions. The difficulty in intelligence work is how to further refine and conduct in-depth interpretation
and mining from information in different scenarios. When an event occurs, the vast majority of users can make a basic understanding and
intuitive judgment about the event. However, due to the lack of in-depth information such as the historical reasons behind the event and the
interpretation of the relationships between the characters in the event, they usually rely heavily on a certain event. Participation of expert think tanks in
specific fields. Therefore, how to effectively extract intelligence from information is also a difficult problem that needs to be solved urgently.
■ Difficulty in accessing cross-domain data information
In the economic activities of ordinary users, there is a large number of actual needs to conduct business transactions with other commercial
companies, foreign institutions, and individuals. With the formation of the trend of various economic and criminal cases involving the Internet, there
are a large number of problems in the market, such as: background checks, portraits, Risk rating needs. And public safety users have certain information
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 3 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
However, in the face of different scenarios and different fields, the traditional work method that relies on administrative orders becomes
increasingly powerless, and there is an urgent need for solutions that can effectively connect information data in various fields.
■ Lack of suitable intelligence aids
Ordinary users usually seek external cooperation to solve specific intelligence needs, but decision makers need a tool that can
dynamically understand information events, intelligence and situation evolution in a comprehensive way, while public safety users
mainly rely on their own personnel. When encountering various safety risks at work, they mainly rely on the technical capabilities of
technicians to solve them. In the process of intelligence-related technical work, there are various pain points that need to be solved
urgently, including the security of data channels, management of combat missions, identity protection, etc. Once problems arise, accidents
such as information leakage and data loss may occur.


How to ensure safe work


Lack of suitable intelligence aids
Opening up multi-platform and cross-domain information

Difficulty mining value from massive amounts of information

It is difficult to obtain information in a timely manner, and it is even more difficult to obtain intelligence.
3 Product positioning
The Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform is committed to building an integrated data and information solution platform that provides security,
confidentiality, timely communication, and overall control, and provides corresponding comprehensive solutions to the four major pain points mentioned above. The
currently launched version 1.0 is designed to provide customers with safe and effective intelligence.
At the network link layer, the product realizes the underlying security of data transmission through an anonymous link system
built by intelligent hardware, and can provide secure Internet access that hides the real physical exit and IP address, which can solve the
data transmission security problem that traditional SaaS platforms cannot obtain. The issue of effective guarantees.
Business application layer, platform version 1.0 provides intelligence material module and in-depth intelligence module. It is a working
interface for our back-end think tank resources. The purpose of predictive research is to explain or illustrate a certain phenomenon. This
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 4 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
Extrapredictive research proposes new principles to predict the outcomes of interactions between certain variables. In this platform,
what is mainly reflected is the irreplaceability of professional intelligence researchers. In addition to having professional
qualities at the political, economic, social, cultural, military and other levels, their professional traits include reasoning ability,
accuracy, and respect for facts. As well as humility, it also includes judgment, diligence, meticulousness, skepticism, detachment and
imagination. Users can obtain in-depth research reports prepared by the back-end think tank team through the platform.
4 product goals
Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform covers the investigation, collection and analysis of topics and intelligence required by public security users.
Relying on Anxun's massive data and case insights to gain new knowledge, it leads the research direction of digital economy and digital governance,
and provides digital strategy design for public security customers. Accompanying the growth of customers through resource integration and analysis
capabilities, the ultimate goal is to help customers take advantage of new technology scenarios and help customers break through the confusion of single
points of information.
5 product architecture
The Xunzong security intelligence platform relies on encrypted secure links with independent intellectual property rights. On the premise
of ensuring the safety and reliability of underlying communications, it provides real-time push, release, collection and feedback of important and
sensitive data, reducing data loss during the interaction process. leakage risks and reduce the cost of communication time previously required.
[Anxun Information Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 5 of 12
[Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper
Task management center
Intelligence big data
Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform
AI Intelligence Prediction Engine
information
intelligence
Big Data
combat command
Hot Express
combat channel
intelligence material
Cross-platform data tracking
Think tank tracking
deep intelligence
Business Reputation Risk Assessment
Special focus
Intelligence analysis workstation
Digital Reconnaissance Workstation
Next generation encrypted secure link
6 product features
6.1 User-side functions
6.1.1 User login
Users access services through secure link devices and log in to the application platform with assigned accounts and passwords.
6.1.2 Intelligence materials
After logging in, users can view the list of intelligence materials belonging to their own departments or institutions
according to their respective permissions. On this page, the data is arranged in reverse chronological order and the latest data is
displayed at the front. Users can filter and search based on keywords or tags.
The data also provides secondary password protection, and users can decrypt it according to the corresponding password on the platform.
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 6 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
intelligence material
Tag filter
India
Search
Previous page

Next page
name
appendix
Size(MB)
date
retrieve password
India-w parts-0410 material
download



India-w parts-0411 material
download


af8jf842tffd1
India-w parts-0412 material
download



6.1.3 In-depth reporting
After logging in, users can view the in-depth intelligence list belonging to their own department or organization according
to their respective permissions. On this page, the data is arranged in reverse chronological order and the latest data is
displayed at the front. Users can filter and search based on keywords or tags.
The data also provides secondary password protection, and users can decrypt it according to the corresponding password on the platform.
【An Xun
Information Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 7 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper
deep intelligence
Tag filter
India
Search
Previous page

Next page
name
appendix
Size(MB)
date
retrieve password
Summary of the situation of countries A and
B conspiring to contain China in multiple fields
in 2022
download


24zdf4421372
An explanation of the situation where country A urges country D to
impose sanctions on country Y on arms procurement.
download


ad82333dfA31
A summary of Country A’s plan to promote EFG
in the Asia-Pacific region to seize the regional
market and weaken China’s influence.
download


a8f13d335433
Regarding the fact that Ydu will raise China-
related issues such as NN issues and YYYY
issues at the 14th YR Annual Summit Instructions
Download



a54ad2335484
Explanation on the visit of members of the U.S.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee to Indonesia
to promote alliances to counter China
download


a82335vxa485
6.1.4 User feedback
Users can safely send their opinions and needs to the platform administrator in a timely manner by commenting on a single
piece of data or providing feedback on the entire column to complete timely interaction of opinions and suggestions.
Comment
Comment
Needs and feedback
【An Xun
Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Feedback
Page 8 of 12
[Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper
6.2 Management side functions
6.2.1 Administrator login
Administrators log in to the application platform through secure link devices.
6.2.2 Upload intelligence resources
Administrators can publish, delete, enable and disable attachment resources on this page.
Resource list
add files
Previous page

Next page
name
state
creation time
operate
A summary of the situation of countries A and B conspiring to contain China
in multiple fields in 2022
activated

Change status Delete
Regarding the situation where country A urges country D to impose sanctions on country Y regarding arms procurement.
Explanation
activated

Change status Delete
Regarding Country A’s plan to promote EFG in the Asia-Pacific region to seize the regional
market and weaken China’s influence
terminated

Change status Delete
About Y Degree will raise questions about NN issues and YYYY at the
14th Annual YR Summit
activated

Change status Delete
Regarding members of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee visiting Indonesia
to promote alliances to counter China
activated

Change status Delete
India-w parts-0411 material
activated

Change status Delete
India-w parts-0412 material
activated

Change status Delete
India-w parts-0413 material
activated

Change status Delete
India-w parts-0417 material
activated

Change status Delete
India-w parts-0418 material
Enabled 2022-05-12
Change status Delete
6.2.3 Publish in-depth intelligence reports
Administrators can add and delete reports on this page, and can select multiple users to publish when publishing.
[Anxun Information · Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 9 of 12
|Xunzong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper|
And you can add multiple tags to the report to facilitate classification and filtering.
Report list
Add report
Previous page

Next page
name
appendix
type
user
state
creation time
A summary of the situation of countries A and B conspiring to contain China in multiple fields in 2022
In-depth information about country A and...
userA
enabled 2022-04-13
An explanation of the situation in which country A urges country D to impose sanctions on country Y in terms of arms procurement
About A Copthorne...In-depth information
userA
enabled 2022-04-13
A summary of Country A’s plan to promote EFG in the Asia-Pacific region to seize the regional market and weaken China’s influence
About A Guomou... in-depth information
userA
"Enabled 2022-04-13
Regarding the fact that Y degree will raise China-related issues such as the NN issue and the YYYY issue at the 14th YR Annual Summit. About the situation where Y degree will... In-depth information
Note on members of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s visit to Indonesia to promote alliances against China
userA
enabled | 2022-04-13
In-depth information on U.S. participation...
userA
enabled
2022-04-13
India-w parts-0413 material
India-w parts...Information material
fortest
enabled 2022-05-10
India-w parts-0415 material
India-w parts...Information material
fortest
enabled 2022-05-10
India-w parts-0416 material
India-w parts-0417 material
India-w parts...Information material
fortest
enabled 2022-05-10
India-w parts...Information material
userA
enabled 2022-05-12
India-w parts-0418 material
India-w parts...Information material
fortest
enabled 2022-05-12
Add report
name
type
retrieve password
appendix
Report labels (optional)
India
Select users to prepare for distribution

fastest
userA



[Anxun Information Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center!
Page 10 of 12
@ The control terminal contains an operation recording function, which can record the performed operations
@ The control end has a graphical interface
@ The control terminal can remotely modify the connection configuration of the controlled terminal during use
@ The control terminal can remotely uninstall and clear the controlled terminal (including self-starting)
@ The controlled terminal supports socks5 proxy function

@ Developed using C/C+r+ language, all functional source codes are required











































































3. Communication request







@ Communication uses HTTPS protocol









@, HTTPS communication data uses one of RC4/AES/RE2/GOSTIDEA/CAST
Algorithm encryption, key length 256 bits and above
@ Penetrable Squid transparent proxy and basic authentication proxy



























4. Security requirements













@ Contains daemon functionality. After closing the controlled process in the process manager, the
Create a new one automatically
@@ 免杀QuickHeal Total Security:、 Windows Defender、Apex One

"Subject to the latest version and latest virus database update on the test day)



























2. Bonus point indicators















@ vivid cannot be viewed by Sysinternal's autorun
@ In addition to HTTPS, other protocol communications are also supported, and communication data uses RC4/AES/RC2/



















An algorithm encryption in GOSHIDEA/CAST. The key length is 256 bits and above.
When the controlled terminal is running, the communication protocol can be switched by the controlling terminal.







































Fill

Shou
open
Chang



@ Identify Edge/Firefox/chrome/opera proxy settings and enable
"The latest version on the test day shall prevail)
@. The controlled terminal contains a customized non-commercial shell and provides source code

@ Steel Kill kaspersky, Avast, symantec (the latest version on the test day,















































































The latest virus database update shall prevail)
3. Delivery list
Serial number Name Number of copies Requirements
1 software development document 1 copy
2 test documents 1 copy
3. All project source codes 1 item | The project can be compiled and has comments
4. 1 copy of executable program
5. 1 copy of instruction manual
4. Technical training
Organize training on the use of Windows forensic tools and coding principles;























Provide software development documents, test documents, and usage instructions documents for the tool





ae

5. Testing and acceptance











After the project development is completed, Party B needs to conduct internal testing first and make corresponding test records.
And provide test documents to Party A.
In order to ensure the quality of the delivered tools, the test plan will be reviewed and approved by Party A and experts.
Acceptance testing is possible. The acceptance test must be carried out in the presence of Party A and experts
Provide complete acceptance test records and complete acceptance after passing the acceptance test.















































,and





Let people give in







Windows Forensics Tools Technical Specifications

1. Required indicators





The following indicators are the basic functions of forensic tools and the requirements must be met.





1. System version









This tool contains at least two parts: the control end and the controlled end. The controlled end is controlled through the control end.
Perform forensic analysis.

The control terminal is required to support: Windows 7, 32-bit and 64-bit English versions of Windows 11
system.







The controlled terminal requires support for: Windows Server2008, 2012, 2016, 2019, 2022
32-bit and 64-bit English version systems: Windows7, Windows8, Windows8.1,

32-bit and 64-bit English versions of Windows 10, Windows 11.
2. Functional requirements

@ View, create and close the controlled process

@ Support file management functions, including: viewing, creating, deleting files and directories,
File upload, download, and resume upload.

@Interactive SHELL (supports telnet command)

@ The controlled terminal can start automatically after the operating system is restarted.

@ The controlled terminal supports domain names |

@ The controlled terminal can run with User, Administrator, and SYSTEM permissions































five







connection, IP back connection







people

Summary of end sales feedback issues

Ma













1. The company's self-developed products have slowed down and are not continuously updated. Equipment is out of date and updated too slowly.

F are all doing services;

2. There are no good points in 9B data;

3. The company's products are offline, front-end sales are unclear, and communication is lacking.

In terms of communication, there is a lack of communication between the back-end and the front-end, and there are many problems in delivery;

5. Poor delivery quality, difficulty in closing payments, and accumulation of accounts receivable affect cash flow;

6. The company does not have channel suppliers for unified products, and does not know which one to recommend when selling.

a supplier’s products;

7. Antao Academy has not been updated for a long time, there is no training, and there is a certain lack of understanding of the Antao brand.

Negative impact, customers doubt whether the company is functioning properly,

8. The testing of new products after they were launched was very unsatisfactory (auxiliary investigation platform and talent empowerment platform), and customers

Users are interested in the anti-fraud publicity toolbox, but the product cannot be launched for a long time;

9. There are big problems with the sales process, and many complicated processes need to be submitted to cooperate.

Work, collaborative work efficiency is too low, internal friction

10. The PPT is too long and customers cannot understand it. The district and county PPT can be modified.

11. Sales project contracts are difficult to find, and review of nodes is complicated. After sales staff leave, new people

It is not easy to connect the work. It is recommended to use the sales CRM system to improve work efficiency and standardize sales.
Process, this work is currently being followed up by Li Zhengxia.











six
mold
Can
Has
Depend on





































































































Add six cigarettes



















work







































































HECTOR Instruction Manual-

V1.0



He :tone x64 one X

Linux
Swirl es Group ES



















Password 123456









Four HTTP 192.168.8.1588080

















HTTPS | SaupceatpahHae Anonymous







General











Figure 6.4: Configurator interface
Parameter Description:
1) TAG: Tag, user can set it arbitrarily
2) Group: Group setting. After setting, the host will be displayed in the group in the console;
3) Password: The key for the communication connection, which is the same as the control end configuration file hector.ini; cypher key for



communication values are consistent;

Protocol, (currently only supports configuring one protocol at a time)

http corresponds to the control end configuration file hector.ini medium paste protocol;

https corresponds to the WSS protocol in the control end configuration file hector.ini, and the certificate needs to be imported;
2. Configuration: The port opened by the ITP+ corresponding protocol on the control end

talent



Now :tons x64 2

Lu
The idiom test is followed by oup: |test

















Fassomo[ 123456
0 Move the guard and the ports corresponding to the protocol one by one
Madara controls out hector. The ports in ini are consistent







Bureau HTTP 13216881593.8080













HTTPS[SETPaRHereberry|

] Full BRErate











Figure 6.5: Configuration of http/WS protocol
car stone x64 1

Pure





TAG          test                                           Groupz |test















Password     123456











HTTP 。 1192.1698159:98080                   |



HTTPS    192.168.8.159.4443



Heclor20190730\D source of

The ip of the control end and the end where the protocol is started King 4 Genarate































Figure 6.6: Configuration of https/WSS protocol

3. After the configuration is completed, click Generate to update the Reptile64.out program;

Garden cader 201977731 154 Safety Book 2 KB
conf64.dat 2019110114 11209 DAT file KB
confg64 exe 20191875 11:49 Application 5696 KB
[ ] Reptile64.out 2019/710714 T1209 QUT file T717 KB

Figure 6.7: Configuration update file

4. Copy the generated Reptile64.out file to the target machine (linux system) for installation;

6. 3.2 Installation and execution of Trojan program
Copy the generated Reptile64.out file to the target machine (1linux system) and install;
Here we take centos 7.6 x64 as an example:
1. Copy the files to centos 7.6 x64;
2. It needs to be installed with root permissions;
3. Enter the file directory and execute ./ Reptile64. out to install
(If CReptile64.out does not have execution permissions, you need to use the chmod +x Reptile64.out command to increase execution permissions)
Note: After the current installation is completed, a restart is required to take effect (the auto-start aspect still needs to be optimized later)



userG@localhost:/home/user/Desktop                                     - 口 X



File Edt View Search Terminal Hetp
[userGLocaLhost -]囊 SU

Password:

[ rootGLocaLhost user ] # Ts

Desktop Documents DownLoads Music Pictures Pubtlic TempLates Videos
[rootG@LocaLhost User]# cd Desktop/
[rootG@tocatLhost Desktop]ice 1Ls

ReptiLe64.-oUt

[rootG@Locathost Desktop]## chmod +X ReptiLe64.0UT
[rootG@LocaLhost Desktop]ice 1Ls

|ReptiLe64.out

[rootG@LocaLhost Desktop]# ./VReptite64.out
[instaLL-cpp:213] current os is centos

[instaLL.cpp:227] Current 0s is Centos 7

[rootGLocathost Desktop]Mother-in-law

Figure 6.8: Installation in centos 7.6 x64

Chapter 7 Remote Control Function

7.1 Plug-in distribution
This remote control system adopts the plug-in management method to deliver the required plug-ins to the online client and perform corresponding plug-in function operations;
The plug-in distribution function includes two methods:
The first is to deliver the specified plug-in individually to all online clients.
The second is to automatically load and distribute the specified plug-in for a single online customer;



页 it

7.1.1 Instructions for using a single plug-in
In the console, you can issue plug-ins to an online host individually. The specific steps are:

1. Select the online host to which the plug-in is to be distributed in the host list on the right side of the console, right-click and select in the pop-up menu bar.
"Host Panel" menu item opens a single delivered plug-in window, as shown in the figure;











solid heador
[this tm wav Hep
1 person has Host Hoathene plus area Togn [2 Easttogn Lesttogeut
eaaivete Hom
Refresh
Change Group
Chares No
elete He

Figure 7.1: Host panel window





2. Select the plug-in type in the single delivery plug-in window and click the "Update Ext" button to update the selected online host.

The selected plug-in is distributed
Painting np:1Tonine one song station





RemotcjName  Patomm TypeiD Verson Size State









Figure 7.2: Manually distributing plug-ins

3. Right-click on the host below and select "Refresh host Exts" to update and upload the plugin you just selected.



pageua

Disease np:T online





se mouth
PrH9 FeMeneger_Untncshel
Decalhame Patfom TypeiD Veraon you
bnFieManagerRemote so x64bt   2   4
bieTransferRemote .ao x64bt 52 8658155
RN 54bit 7 leather 6
Dee     Patom TypelD Version sze state









Figure 7.3: Update plugin
[ET Four
RN
and station TypeiD Verson sme
bFisManagerRemote,so. . x64bit 1 2
IbFiaTransferRemote.so 64bit 2 Division RN
bcmdworso 2 Liudachang

















Figure 7.4: Plug-in update completed

Page 2



7.1.2 Host plug-in automatic loading
Click to open the cmd or fleManager window on the host, and the plug-in will be loaded automatically.





































If a prompt of successful or failed loading appears, the F panel window will be reloaded; after the plug-in is successfully uploaded, the
Right click Refresh to refresh.
Painting TD:ijoniine -- mouth area
Pugnar,File Manager linux-shell

inentDi: TUpdalad1t435 and [| Y

Nane Se Date 6

fly man boat < 201907.2906114 picture

-Station mw dev dy 20131014032353 Im

Outer mm pmoe < 20191014032344

大 mn dp 20131014032428 ix

Station Sc Four Quan 20191014032346 Fan

Site ou on 20191014032422 My

Quan Tian Toot dp 20191014032332 wind

outside mp oa < 20190717152757 is

Xia ur mp 1 20131014033458 If

All un Yu di 20190717152143 Ta

-Because n bm dy 20191014032025 in

By sbn dp 201907.29091031

By district 20190717152352

ibe4 let 20190729091030

hane                           dp                       20190717152644            |

media                      dy                   2018041T045955          Ps

it                        1                   20180411045955          If

on th 20190717152354 my

of 区 20190411 045955 RMy

FE







: Plug-in loaded successfully



7.2 File management
Document management includes:
1) File directory browsing
View graphically and support direct execution of an executable file;
Supports directly entering the absolute path to browse the specified directory;
Supports recording recently entered path information
2) File transfer
File upload, download, operation, deletion, small file content viewing, etc.;
Supports breakpoint resuming, and supports pausing, starting, and deleting transfer tasks;
1. File directory browsing



Page 3

Draw Tp:1 online one mutual
PugnMor| FieManaoer Linuxshal|















EuremEof :Updaled1f436 | Six

Date ai "Nane Spe Date ai
bat

Four dt bect district 20190729081146 people
Station nm dev dm 201841014032353 Ts
outside pmoe ad 2019410140323 and 4 li
-加ww              wu              dr           20191014032428      To
Do ee red td 20191014032346
ia ie ad 20191014032422 Tt
All ve To < 20191014032332 All
-4 mp wa <diy 20190717152757 Ts
国 ur mp dy 2019-1014033458 Ta
Us              dm           20190717152143      Ts
Full:bn im ad 20194014032025 2
Full bm dy 20190729091031
Four tt plus td 20190717152352 people
Spicy phase Tb64 di 2019.07.29091030 Chen
Since “ hone dp 2019.071715.26:44 NM
External media < 201804.11045955 Ts
Outside Se nt < 201804T1 045955 Ha
dm           20190717152354      Ts
dr           20180H11 045955      4

















Figure 7.6: File directory browsing

2. File transfer
File upload, download, operation, deletion, small file content viewing, etc.

Supports breakpoint resuming, and supports pausing, starting, and deleting transmission tasks;
And rp'1l onine -- D Xx
PuginMer FieMenager UnunrShel











Page at

Figure 7.7: File transfer exploration









刷 ID:1l onine                                                 -~ D x
RugrMor FieManager iinuxshal
CunentDFE. personpdaled1148.person|/home/userDeskiopy YY
[Outside | am Si Dale II
[鲁口 Repaieg4 ou 17575418 20191014 030950 we
National 462NDP462KB3151600., Hong.008080 20191014 pull four to do





Figure 7.8: Executing upload exploration



Figure Heae
Fe Ed from Hp
名内            HostD -ostRame     s      ddrass      Tags    pe      Las:tegn      LastLogout
SEEm down and





EEC







TS 3 ER journal
Human traffic. emhpepae, eol Waspdnnp, fponctanpedt, 6z20apa08. ezocane0E loo%





Figure 7.9: File upload record

7.3 Shell commands
Interactive shel1 command line: execute the shell1 command of the controlled terminal
1. Switch to the shel1 plug-in window and execute binding cmd

Page 5



Country 0o: 1 online - Will be between
Panwor | FieManager LUnuxshel

EricMblrsem ||









Figure 7.10: Shell plug-in window

2. After executing the binding, a shell window will pop up.
[aa = electric light
|

[LEBindEMDISystem

inding Shelsucceed







135jIHast lacalhos





.11: Pop-up shel1 window



Page 16

3. Execute shell command
This 0p: 1lfip': 192.168.81351[Hast lacalhostlacaldamainj a mouthful






Figure 7.12: Execute she11 command



Xiang



item



There are 8 chapters "Note



1. Currently supports x64: Centos 5, 6, 7: ubuntu 14, 16, 18, and centos 5. XXX, 6.XXX, 7. XXXI
2. It needs to be installed with root permissions;

3. The Trojan program is copied to the target machine (linux environment). If there is no execution permission, the user needs to add execution permission.

It will take effect after startup (will be optimized later):





Page 17

Table of contents

Chapter 1 Overview
第 2 章 名词 电影 .but nnnrnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Chapter 3 Product Features .ee
Chapter 4 Product Features and Parameters .ee
Chapter 5 Applicable environment.resresrsresennsrnersennsnnernnnensnensensnnntntnntnrentnsnensenenesnnntoetnensntnstnsnsaneannnntnaenstna

Chapter 6 Instructions for Use ..

To Ye 7 Basic Epidemic Jiang-comso7e
Arrival 2, a total of six -po7
Car 3, certificate back and three exhibitions



District 2 7 Selenium or Tuosi Guangnei has ctor 7 stations

People 2 2 have booked a room, big bone moee
6.3.2 Tianma Lihu's stolen goods are stuck in the hall ee

Chapter 7 Remote control function nannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnne
7.2 File management ee



10

10

10

2

3

skillful





Page 2

Chapter 1] Overview

Hector remote control system is a set of protocols that support HTTP/WEB SOCKET and HTTPSVWEB SOCKET over TILS.
Remote control system using reverse connection
The remote control system supports interactive she1l command line, file management and other functions.



Chapter 2 "Explanation of terms



WEB SOCKET protocol (abbreviated as WS):

WebSocket is a network transport protocol that enables full-duplex communication over a single TCP connection and is located at the base of the 0SI model
application layer. WebSocket makes the data exchange between the client and the server easier, allowing the server to actively communicate with the client.
Client pushes data. In the WebSocket API, the browser and server only need to complete a handshake between the two
Create a persistent connection and perform two-way data transfer.

The difference from the http protocol is that: the http protocol server does not support actively sending requests to the client, while WEB SOCKET
The protocol allows the server to actively push data to the client;
> WEB SOCKET over TLS (WSS for short):

The security design of the WebSocket protocol stipulates transmission based on TLSVSSL. This encryption form is similar to HTTPS.
Called WSS (WEB SOCKET over TLS).

That is, high-level application layer protocols can be transparently built on top of the TLS protocol. The TLS protocol precedes application layer protocol communication
After completing the encryption algorithm, communication key negotiation and server authentication. After this, the data transmitted by the application layer protocol is
will be encrypted to ensure the privacy of communications.
> "Controlled terminal (client): the target machine (linux system) where the Trojan program is installed.
>Control terminal (console): The main program that manages the controlled host (windows system).
> Reverse connection: Rebound online method, that is, after the Trojan program on the controlled terminal is installed, it will actively connect to the controlling terminal.



















Chapter 3 Product Functions

, Communication protocol: Support HTTP/WEB SOCKET, HTTPSVWEB SOCKET over TLS protocol;
,Remote control function:

1) Interactive shell command line;
2) File directory browsing

View graphically and support direct execution of an executable file;

Supports directly entering the absolute path to browse the specified directory;

Supports recording recently entered path information
3) File transfer

File upload, download, run, delete, small file content viewing, etc.;

Supports breakpoint resuming, and supports pausing, starting, and deleting transfer tasks.
Machine management function: Management of online hosts, supporting group management, modifying notes, modifying groups, etc.
Machine log: record the target host name, user name, online IP, online time, offline time, basic hardware information of the host
and other data;















breath

Page 2

Heart
surname
temple
red
Bo
total
play



























Hector remote control system
Configuration list "| Quantity; a set of software <client, control end>
Indicators Return to pure software Return to independent research and development
Product form, port hardware integration, product source, port technology transformation
Oral system equipment and imported products
Basic parameters . | Basic parameters
System Architecture CS Architecture Target Operating System "| Centos, ubuntu
Remote control features | Startup method Application layer startup, stable and reliable
Network connection supports HITP/WEB SOCKET, HTTPSAWEB SOCKET over TLS protocol reverse
to connect,



File management File directory browsing, file upload, download, delete, refresh and run.





Shell command Interactive shell command













Chapter 5 Applicable environment



















Program Supported operating systems

Control program Win 2003, Win 7, Win 10, Win 2008, Win2012 systems 〈Supported at the same time
32/64-bit systems),

Controlled program x64: Centos 5, 6, 7; ubuntu 14, 16, 18;







Note: Systems supported by the controlled terminal: Centos 5, 6, 7: Ubuntu 14, 16, 18: refers to the major version number, including centos

5. XXX、 6. XXX、 7. XXX











people



Chapter 6 "Instructions for use
6.1 Overall file structure

plus consolations

wind peor

phoenix tools
illustrate:
Console: stores the control program,
Door: stores the Trojan configurator program;













Tools: Stores tools for generating https certificates;

6.1.1 Control terminal-console

plug3in
- Plug-Out
Figure Engine.dll
Mouth Enginepdb
Figure FileManagerdll
Hectorexe
Hectorimi
Mouth Heciocpdb
Figure Infostoragedll
Cancer Infostorage.pdb:
Figure mfclou.dIf
Figure msvcr100.dll
Figure.msvcr1o0.d
Figure SQlie3.dll
which terminalexe











illustrate:
Hector.exe: Control terminal main program;
Hector.ini: Control side configuration file;



2019/8/1 15:14
2019/8/5 11:49
2019/78/7 15:47

2019/8/T 15:t4
201918/T 10:35
20191871 1442
2019/781Т14.42
2019/871 11: Ezz
2019781T 1453
2019/77/30 17:13
2019/8/71 1453
201977731 18:30
201977131 18:30
201917122 1408
201917/22 T408
201917122 14:08
2019/3/22 10:21
2014/11/21 000

Files go
Files go
Files go

Files go
Document log

application extension
PDB file
application extension
app
Wake up and set up a pavilion
PDB file
application extension
pdb-file
application extension
application extension
application extension
application extension
app

521 KB:
2875 KB
213 KB
267 KB

T KB
715 KB
35 KB
1.435 KB
4.320 KB
412 KB
756 KB
444 KB
374 KB

Page 4

6.1.2 Controlled terminal-door

National Cader 201917/31 15.54 Safety Certificate Vegetable

Deer corf64dat 2019/8/5 1406 DAT file

Country confg64.axe 2019/8/5.11:49. app

Add Reptile64:out 2019/815 14.06 OUT file
illustrate:

Config64.exe: Trojan configurator program;
Ca.der: configure the certificate of https protocol;



6.1.3 Certificate Tool

Note: For specific usage details, please refer to the MakeSelfSignedCert.txt document.
Country cert write.exe 201977/4 10:065 Application
Country gen_key.exe 2019/7/4 10:05 Application
MakeselfsignedCertbtt 2019/7/130 11:03 Text source
Country pemz2derexe 2019/77/4 10:06 Application











6.2 Control terminal configuration and activation
6.2.1 Modify the configuration file Hector.ini

Country pugin 2019/81115514 File Go



2 KB

T KB
5.696 KB
1717 KB

255 KB
178 KB
Over KB
76 KB



power pue-out
Country Engine dl
Mouth Enginepdb
Figure fleManagerd
全Hedarae |外Ws = WEB SOCKET WSS = WEB SOCKET over
图 Heaoriai Protocol=WS

Cancer Hecterpdb Plus
国 mfostoragedl; Listening Port
cancer infostoragep
country mfclouudlf
园 mswcploodl | cypher key for communication

Park msverloodll |ComKey=123456
country satkesall

hey terminalexe






Cert file for TLS, PEM Format
Cert=site.crt

1; Private Key file for TLS, PEM Format
key=site .key

Parameter Description:

1. protocol: protocol, currently supports WEB SOCKET, referred to as WS, WEB SOCKET over TLS, referred to as WSS;

2. Port: The listening port can be customized by the user, but it cannot be the same as the port being used by the system;
3. comkey: The secret key of the connection. After configuration, the Trojan configurator must be consistent with this.

4. cert, key: This certificate needs to be configured when using the WSS protocol, and the certificate needs to be placed in the same directory as hector.exe;
6.2.2 Open the console

1. After configuring the configuration file Hector.ini file, save it;

2. Run the Hector.exe program, the main program of the control terminal, to open the control terminal.

















Net pug-in 20197811 15:14. Files go

Three pug-out 201918/T1035 files go

Figure Enginedll 2019y8/1 14:42. Application extension 521 KB
Go back to Engine pdb 20191aT and import it. PDB file 2875 Medium
picture

Spoke Hastarini 201977130 17313 . Configurable 1 kB
port bederpdb 2019/8/11453: PDB file 6715 KB
Figure Infestoragedll 201977131 18:30 . Application extension 95 KB
口 Infestarage&pdb 201977131 18:30 . PDB file T435 kB
Added mfcioou.dll 2019/7/122 14:08. Application extension 4.320 KB
Figure msvcpioodl 201917/1408. Application Extension 412 Central
Figure msvcr10o:dll 2019/7122 1408 Application Extension 756 KB
Figure souite3.dll 201913/22 10:21 Application extension 444 KB
at terminalexe 201471T721 0i00. Application 374 KB

Figure 6.1: Control terminal main program













| a Heaor a mouth habit
File _ Edit View Help
名 台Groups         HostID HostName    os     Address      Tags    Note
The most pe station

ss |






Common log File Transfer | Host summary | TunnelinG







and tog pate Content

4 2019.08.07 16:51:58 。 Imitalize controlmodule I.
3 2019.08.07 16:51:58 Initialze Plug-Remote ok

2 2019-0807 16:51:58 。 Initiaize Plugin DLL ok。

1 2019-08.07 16:5158 Initialize databse module ok















People: 0 StartTines Gong's 8-7 16:52



Figure 6.2: Control terminal main interface

6. 3 Controlled end program configuration and installation





6.3.1 Trojan configuration
1. Use the Trojan Configurator program
Parkca.der 291977131 15:54 Security Certificate
Out conf64.dat 2019/8/5 14:06 AT file
Cancer Reptile54.out 20191815 14:06
Figure 6.3: Controlled end program directory
File description:

Ca. der: HTTPS is the certificate that needs to be used when using the WSS protocol. For details on how to generate the certificate, see the tools folder;

Config64.exe: Trojan configurator;

Conf64. dat: Configurator memory file, recording the last configuration information;
Reptile64. out: Use the configurator to configure the generated Trojan program.

Page 7

Integrated combat platform
Product white paper
(V1.0 version in 2022)
A unified combat intranet platform
Task listSK LIST
mission name
ADMINION

(Task view)
task management
Bukding quantity
task progress
creation time
operate
Han recommended drink
mouth







set up

ADMIN


ADMIN
ADMIN
ADMIN













ADMINISTER






ADMIN




AND




ADMIN10





Mission Rating:8K RATING
task list
Task one
Chengdu City
ACNINJAEN WHY W1..
Group 1


Group of poems one


(task list)
Group 1


Group 2

Deji
ACHINZ

AGHIND
ACHINTE


Taixi City




Group 2

(mission review)




Oriichi
One name
Two mouths
two
Chengyang City

Task review TE APPROVAL
task list
Task one
Daily task description Task description Task Farewell Task Misstatement Follow-up task description Task description Over-task description
ARMIN ZUMBADMINT

ADMINISTER
ADMINISTER
Chengdu City
Chengdu City
Original board one (template)
WORRY

Template Say Goodbye Template Instructions Coin Plate with Rights Instructions Template Say Goodbye to Pink Dinner Class Say Goodbye Template Children's Practice

ADMINISTER
Host 1 (Decided on the day)
ADMINISTER
Wine exchange review
ADMINISTER
Reason for grading should be entered

ADMIN
passed review
(task review)
2) Personnel management function: The personnel management function is divided into two parts: personnel list and organizational structure. The personnel list facilitates authorized
personnel to quickly and easily manage personnel under the organization; the organizational structure displays the organizational chart within the unit.
◎Integrated combat intranet platform
ORGANIZATIONAL MANAGEMENTRATIS SLINGSMENT
Sichuan Province
Organization 2
Organization 2
Organization 2
Organization 2









Ningshi




city
Organization One
HOWEVER





or city

(Organization)
◇Integrated combat intranet platform
Organizational management
E-mail
contact number:
Number of tasks
personal total score
operate





ADMIN2









ADMIN
666666/800.COM








ADMIN
661666/800.COM



AMALGOD COM



ADMINISTER
ADMINISTER
661444/800.COM





(personnel list)
3) User management function: It mainly provides permission management for platform users, and divides different permissions according to the user's
identity, including user creation, permission allocation, task viewing, task sharing and other functions.
○Integrated combat intranet platform
User Management
New users

Personnel belonging to war city
username

Contact number Please enter your contact number
E-mail

Create user
(Created by user)
Mianyang City
Deyang City
In a battle
Modify information

User Management
Zhang San
Legal Popularization Network 123456
ADHINTACHINTAG

manage
ADMINISTER
ADIMINA




ADMINYY
A derby battle in-app purchase level
User details
STATES
User Management
Zhang San
Email 666666800.COM

Today's people teach
Chengdu City
(Permission allocation)
Save changes
Chengdu City
Chengyang City
Xinyang City


●Complete XX mission and get the position


Score for completing XX tasks

Luyang City
Qiuyang City
Completed XX task
allocation 2010/10/1500

Suining City
Ningshi

Score for completing XX tasks

Complete XX task points

points for completing tasks


(personnel details)
4) Points management function: Provides assessment points records for various tasks. Each task will be set with different scores according to the difficulty of the
task. The background can conduct comprehensive evaluation and scoring based on task completion, completion efficiency, data results, etc. Points can be used
in business scenarios such as performance appraisal. Statistics and analysis of tasks completed from two different dimensions: organization and personnel, show
managers how well the organization and personnel have completed tasks, and the areas they are good at, and use this as a data basis for managers to consider
performance. Organizational assessment is a statistical assessment of the completion of tasks by the superior organization on the subordinate organization. Select
the organization, start time, and end time, and the system will display statistical information on the organization's task completion within the selected time period.
The interest and time period (in months) can be selected independently according to needs. Statistical information includes the total number of tasks, the number of
tasks completed, task score distribution, etc., and the task score distribution displays the number and proportion of tasks in each score segment in the form of a chart.
666
benevolence score

(●) Score for completing XX tasks

Score for completing XX tasks

Score for completing XX
task 2020/10/ 15:00

Score for completing ×× tasks

Score for completing ×× tasks

Score +50 for completing XX
mission
Score +50 for completing
tasks
(Points management)
5) Techniques and tactics sharing function: used to exchange and share information such as internal experiences, techniques and tactics within the private
network, as well as to acquire and learn cutting-edge technological knowledge. The knowledge management module supports multiple different dimensional
content sources, namely: sharing among group members, latest content push, result review analysis, etc. The knowledge management module is similar to building
a BBS forum for communication on a private network. Users can post freely and view all shared posts.
a) Users need to fill in the post content and set attributes when posting. Set the post type (including knowledge items, bookmarks,
discussion/study meetings, simple PPT, etc.); enter the title, edit the content, upload attachments (size limit 10MB), and
preview the post instantly. You also need to select the visibility range: private (visible only to yourself), public, protected (select
the visible range); set labels; select editable objects. When all content is completed, click Publish and the post can be
shared successfully.
b) Users can see a list of posts shared by all people. The list display includes the post's title, publisher, editing
time, type, public scope, and the number of collections, likes, and replies; click Collection, Like , reply can
See a list of related people. Click on the title of the post to enter the detailed information interface of the post. You can see the complete content of
the post, and you can reply to, favorite, and like the post. At the same time, the system will display the popularity of the article based on the click-through rate
and so on.
c) Users can view posts of a certain type by filtering post types, and can also query posts published on a single
day.
d) The sharing content of the knowledge management module can be the use of special technologies and tools, the sharing of practical cases, solutions to difficult
problems or requests for help, etc. The establishment of the knowledge management module enables the ordering, digitization, and codification of technical information,
technical means, and technical experience mastered by personnel within the organization, which is conducive to strengthening knowledge exchange and sharing,
conducive to realizing collaboration and communication within the organization, and also helping It improves the professional skills of internal staff and
provides good training materials for new employee training. The technical skills and technical experience shared by people within the organization can also be used as
a supplement to performance appraisal.
○First-phase combat intranet platform
Such as after management
Added new tactics

Classification
Network 2C
Ask someone to press
content
or add new
Entry points
(Added new techniques and tactics)
②Integrated combat intranet platform
Knowledge Base Management XNOWLEDGE BASE MANAGEMENT
Loopholes
Vehicle Techniques and Tactics Knowledge Base Social Work Database Public Notes
Website penetration control
An attack method commonly used by network penetration attackers, it is also a
comprehensive advanced attack technology. At the same time, network activity is also a topic
studied by security
workers. They (Penetraton Test)".
Intranet penetration control
The main process of intranet penetration is information exchange, utilization, thinking,
task management
Knowledge management
Terminal Penetration Control
Web secondary attack technology: SQL technology (foot injection
attack), XSS attack (script attack), setter (file upload)
User Management
Enter search content

Anti-ZC
Web attack technology: SOL technology (script injection attack), XSS attack (cross-
site scripting attack) Upload Network (Wenhe Upload)
Network application control cracking
Vulnerability mining and exploitation
data analysis
Technical countermeasures
We attack technology: SQ technology (script injection attack), "SS attack
(cross-site scripting attack), upload surface (file upload)
Web attack technology: SQL technology (script injection attack), XSS attack (cross-
site scripting attack, uploading art academy (file upload)
we secondary attack technology: SQL technique (foot injection attack), XSS attack
(this city), product transfer (file upload)
Ruxianxi Technology: 30 yuan technology script injection attack), XSS attack
(cross-site scripting attack), upload
(upload stuck again)
hidden
Password cracking
QB Analysis
Web attack technology: SQL technology (script injection attack), KSS calibration
(cross-site scripting attack), upload blocking (file upload)
(script injection attack), XSSIZ
(cross-site scripting attack, upload off-net (file upload)
□Integrated combat intranet platform
Knowledge Base Management:XWLEDGE BABE MANAREШENT
Technical and tactical knowledge base 22nd Army public notes
ie/network
(List of techniques and tactics)
NetworkZC
SOL technology (script injection attack), XSS attack
(cross-site scripting attack), upload off-net (file upload)
12 items in total
Category 1
Pair of Guan 2
Bamboo Head 3 Full device
content
time
I put the name
I am content I am content I am content I am content I am content I am content I am content I am content....



Zhang San
i am name
I am the content



Zhang San
I'm guilty of it



i am name
I am the content



Zhang San
i am name
I am the content



three
i am name
I am the content



Zhang San
My layer of rock powder
Inside the book



two
Comparing one brain with Zhanuchi Enpei
Knowledge details
knowledge management
I am the title
Skills and combat activities
Quick navigation
I am the title 2020/10/1 15:00
tower

(View by category)
12/page
Enter plan content

#COZYDUKE APT: Attack Operations Assessment

My secret is that only my content is high-quality content. Content is content. But the content produced in the store is not content. I am content. It is high-quality content.
I put content I am content I am content content is number law is content I am content I am content law difference content I am content I am content volume content I am content is content I am content I am content I raise content I am production content Law
#Related sample information
I am the content I am the content My content is the content I am the content into the content
I am the content I am the content I am the content is the content I am
Contents of capacitor rights
Content I am content
Within the content
(View details)
6) Task statistics function: It is mainly divided into two parts: the first part is to count tasks in different states, tasks at different times, task
completion status and distribution of task types from the perspective of tasks; the second part is based on resources Make statistics and analyze the
distribution and usage of overall resources from the perspective of utilization.
7) Log management function: The log management function is only visible to administrators. They can view global operation logs, which are divided
into two parts: conditional retrieval and content display. In the condition search part, you can filter the operation logs by operation time, content keywords,
and operation type. In the content display section, the retrieved log content is displayed.
a) The conditional retrieval part supports date retrieval, time retrieval, log content retrieval, and type retrieval. At the same time, it also supports
multiple combinations of search conditions to filter logs more accurately.
b) Date retrieval - users can specify a specific start time and end time, and query all operation logs within that time
period;
c) Time retrieval - users can query all operation logs in the last hour, last six hours, last day, last three
days, and last week;
d) Log content retrieval - users can enter log content through the search box to perform precise or fuzzy matching on all
operations and find all relevant operation records;
e) Type search - users can filter a certain type of operation, including new, update, query, delete,
download, upload, review/approval, application, transfer, etc.
f) The content display part displays the retrieved results in the form of a list. The results include operation time, operator and
operation content.
g) Without any retrieval operation, the system will display all types of logs in the last hour by default, and sort them in reverse chronological
order. When the search conditions change, the corresponding search content is displayed.
②Integrated combat intranet platform
SYSTEM MANAGEMENT
System view system log data backup

Work record:
Confirm that governance is based on standards-based integration.docx
Confirm one dery
creator
knowledge management barriers








adminusar


Please enter the popular content
Function. The
intranet resource management module mainly includes four major categories: data resource management, template resource management, link resource management, and weapon resource management.
4.1.2 Intranet resource management module
(operation log)
1) Data resource management function: It mainly provides storage and management functions for returned data and notes, and can perform statistics
and report display on returned data, and can view resource status in real time, and the overall situation of resources occupied by currently executed
tasks. , and supports authorizing the returned data to be viewed and used by other users.
②Integrated combat intranet platform
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Resource Overview Resources Link Resources Weapon Resources
Statistics


total





Latest template cp5

Top 5 latest weapons
Defend
(data source)
2) Template resource management function: You can query and understand the number and usage of templates created on the target external network, as well as statistical information
such as the usage rate of each template.
②Integrated combat intranet platform
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Resource Overview Template Resource Link Resource Weapon Resource
enter
local certificate
Make decimals within



FIAT (M)
pier 2
And.. 2








white outside work


(International... 1









The mountain is the belt
"Enter Sugiuchi Ai
time










(template resource)
3) Link resource management function: Supports querying and mastering the configuration of external network link resources, and can select corresponding
link resources for task execution personnel according to the tasks issued.
①Integrated combat intranet platform
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Resource Overview Resources Resources Resources
household
56965508-0c8-1513-ba99-424-55235197
test
From day one, Baima combines multiple self-care mouths in one


(link resource)
4) Weapon resource management function: Provides classification of various types of weapon resources and instructions and usage materials for corresponding weapon documents.
Weapon documents can only be viewed and studied on the intranet.
Table of contents
1 Introduction

demand analysis


3
Product Introduction

3.1
Product introduction.

3.2
Product composition.

3.3
System architecture.
3.4
Network architecture.


4
product features

4.1
Intranet platform functions

4.1.1 Intranet business management module.
4.1.2 Intranet resource management module.
4.1.3 Security sandbox module,



4.2
External network platform functions

4.2.1 External network task management module.


Weapons resource management module.

4.2.3 Combat environment management module.

4.2.4 Link resource management function.

4.3 Safety protection system...

4.3.1 Basic security system..

4.3.2 Data security design
Integrated combat intranet platform
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Resource Overview Template Source Resources Weapon Resources
Nice
Tools Hager Test
An big size
20728-12-2581-35A
It is a network and can scan all words, Wanliu management and individuals can. 5.2KB

(Weapon resources)
enter
4.1.3 Security sandbox module
The security sandbox module mainly performs security detection on any files, data, programs, etc. that enter the intranet. Through the sandbox environment,
it simulates the viewing and running functions of various provided data to detect the presence of viruses and malicious programs. and other high-risk data
files. It mainly provides six functions: file import analysis, API detection, behavior analysis, process mirror analysis, PACP packet capture analysis, and malicious
behavior screenshots.
1) File import analysis function: supports analysis of multiple file formats, including windows executable files, DLL files,
PDF documents, Office documents, malicious URLs, HTML files, PHP files, CPL files, VBS, ZIP compressed
files, jar files, python programs etc.
2) API detection function: It can track the win32 API call records of the malware process and all the processes it generates, and
provide early warning or record of malicious API behavior calls.
3) Behavior analysis function: After the files to be detected are imported and analyzed, the software’s file creation, deletion, and download behaviors can be
detected and recorded to understand and understand whether the software’s behavior complies with regulations and safety regulations.
4) Process image analysis function: The imported file program memory can be mirrored 1:1 to obtain a complete version of the memory image of the
software process for thorough analysis and comparison.
5) PACP packet capture analysis function: After the imported file is executed in the sandbox environment, if network traffic is generated, it can be captured through PACP
Format grab file program's network data for analysis, comparison and security testing.
6) Malicious behavior screenshot function: If the imported file is found to have malicious behavior in the file, such as file copying, file name modification
and other malicious behaviors, screenshots will be recorded.
4.1.4 Weapon resource management module
The weapons and equipment module is deployed on the external network platform, but the module is independent from other modules and provides a multi-login authentication
mechanism to download and use weapons and equipment. The entire module provides weapon sandbox security detection functions, weapons library management functions, and weapons library
update functions.
4.1.4.1 Weapon sandbox security detection function
It mainly provides various types of weapons that need to be built into the external network platform, provides a sandbox environment for security testing and inspection, and detects that all types
of weapons and equipment imported to the platform meet safety requirements and usage requirements. The weapon sandbox security detection function also mainly provides program import analysis and API
It has six major functions: detection, behavior analysis, process image analysis, PACP packet capture analysis, and malicious behavior screenshots.
1) Program import analysis function: supports analysis of multiple file formats, including windows executable files, DLL files,
PDF documents, Office documents, malicious URLs, HTML files, PHP files, CPL files, VBS, ZIP compressed files
files, jar files, python programs, etc.
2) API detection function: It can track the win32 API call records of the malware process and all the processes it generates, and
provide early warning or record of malicious API behavior calls.
3) Behavior analysis function: After the files to be detected are imported and analyzed, the software’s file creation, deletion, and download behaviors can be
detected and recorded to understand and understand whether the software’s behavior complies with regulations and safety regulations.
4) Process image analysis function: The imported file program memory can be mirrored 1:1 to obtain a complete version of the memory image of the
software process for thorough analysis and comparison.
5) PACP packet capture analysis function: After the imported file is executed in the sandbox environment, if network traffic occurs, the network data of
the file program can be captured through PACP format for analysis, comparison and security detection.
6) Malicious behavior screenshot function: If the imported file is found to have malicious behavior, such as file copying, the file
Take screenshots and record various malicious behaviors such as name modification.
4.1.4.2 Weapon management function
The weapons library management function mainly includes comprehensive management and maintenance applications of various weapons resources on the external network, and mainly provides
five major functions: weapon storage management, weapon storage management, weapon information annotation, weapon classification encrypted storage, and weapon download log recording. Through standardized
management of weapons depots, we ensure the legal and compliant use of weapons.
1) Weapons storage management function: The weapons storage management platform provides basic functions such as weapons storage, retrieval, and display.
②Integrated combat extranet platform
Task Management [Foodware Management
Weapons Management:PINE MANAGEMENT
Weapon 2
Weapon three
Weapon name
response mechanism

ADNIN1ADMIN
AUNINZ
Bukkotsu size
DESCRIBEDESCRIBE SCRIBEDESCRIEEDESCRIBEDESCRIBEDESCRIBE..




ADHIN4






2030-02-110conom


NAME



ADNIN'T



BROTHER








(Weapon management list)
2) Weapon storage management function: Weapons from each manufacturer and related documents such as instructions for use are stored in the weapons depot, and corresponding
records are generated on the weapons depot management platform.
3) Weapon information annotation function: Weapon maintainers can search according to manufacturer, weapon category, name, etc. on the weapons library management
platform. The weapon library list displays information such as the category, manufacturer, version, rating, authorization expiration time, USB Key port, and whether
the weapons in the current weapons library have expired.
②One male combat external network
Weapon details:EAT ON INFORMATION
weapons management
Weapon one
Weapon size

Loading time
Weapon description

ADMIN

BUT level three lessons <HTML>
ADMIN

BT.Three<HTML>

THIS DAY
ADMINISTER
Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions
for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for
use. Instructions for use Instructions for use Instructions for use Light usage and instructions Instructions for use
Save edits
Cancel edit
(Weapon information annotation)
4) Weapon classification encrypted storage function: Classification includes but is not limited to weapons for various types of tasks such as attack, defense, penetration,
reconnaissance, control, secret extraction, cracking, etc. All types of weapon tools are stored in an encrypted manner.
5) Weapon download log record: The weapons depot provides a log record of the behavior of weapons downloaded by personnel performing tasks to
facilitate traceability management and safety audits.
4.1.4.3 Weapon library update function
The weapon library update function mainly provides management application functions for weapons that need to be eliminated, expired, and need to be upgraded, provides weapon
authorization update functions, provides weapon upgrade and update functions, provides historical version tracing, and weapon update log recording functions.
1) Weapon authorization update function: Weapon updates include authorization updates and version updates. When the weapon's authorization is about to expire,
the weapon maintainer will notify the user or the relevant weapons maintainer to renew the authorization.
2) Weapon upgrade and update function: When the current version of a weapon becomes outdated or invalid, the arsenal administrator will notify the user or the relevant
weapon maintainer to update the version.
3) Historical version tracing function: After the weapon version is updated, the installation source files of the three versions before this version update will
be retained. When problems arise during use of the updated weapon, version backtracking can be performed.
4) Weapon update logging function: The module will log and collect statistics on updated weapons, allowing real-time access to weapons information.
The latest version number, update time and other information of the server update.
②One-room comparison battle extranet platform
weapons management
New weapon WEAREN
Sharer upload
Please go to WEAPON1
Main title name
Please enter the city address
ADDITIONAL ADMINISTRATION
Classification of spiritual weapons
Please choose Western-style front
or add new
BOTTOM
Host size
Please enter the 40 you created
AUKING
Description of powder presentation
ADMIN
IN THE COUNTRY
ADMIN

ADMINISTER
NUMBER
ΒΙΙΖΚ△ЩЕ Discussion<HTML>
Use the instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions
for use. It is said to be used. How to use it. Instructions for use. Instructions for use. Instructions for use.
Shinchi weapons
(Weapons added and updated)
Weapon updates are generally performed during non-working hours or system idle time. Weapons already loaded in the mission cloud host will not be
replaced and updated.
4.2 External network platform functions
The function of the external network platform mainly consists of four parts: the external network task management module, the weapon resource management module, the link resource application module
and the combat environment management module.
Integrated combat extranet platform
(External platform login)
4.2.1 External network task management module
The external network task management component displays the task list that the current user has created, supports the decryption of task QR codes generated
by the private network, and can generate task cloud hosts based on the decrypted task information. The task list includes the task name, the status of the enabled task cloud
host, and the task time limit. Each task generates up to three task cloud hosts.
After selecting the corresponding task, you can create a task cloud host or view the details of the generated cloud host. In the cloud host details,
you can view the resource configuration of each cloud host (including CPU, memory, hard disk, operating system, IP, language, time zone , installed software,
installed weapons, etc.).
Users can perform the following operations on the task cloud host: power on, soft shutdown, power off, forced restart, release the cloud host, change password,
modify configuration, remote access, etc. Changing the password and modifying the configuration requires the use of the personnel login QR code for secondary identity
verification.
②Integrated combat platform
external account
TASK MANAGEMENT
combat environment
Task notes
File management vulnerability list
Host list
Host credentials
mind Mapping

Please enter the required content
COULD
Memory
solution to violence

32 3B

Internal combat template
Internal warfare.




Ubuntu 16.041... Boot Notes
(combat environment)
Note 1 page
②Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
Combat Environment Task Notes File Management Vulnerability List Host List Host Credentials Mind Map

Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
(Task notes)
Combat Environment Task Notes File Management Vulnerability List Host List Host Credentials
mind Mapping
file name
empty.key
super admin
(File management)
②Integrated combat platform
TAK MANAGEMENT
Combat Environment Task Notes File Management Missing List Host List
Host credentials
mind Mapping


pair management
Jiang Wu Guan
Xinzhu.com
Please enter the treasure content
(Renweishizhi 2021-04-30




Youwei rescue 2021-04-30
Enter content

download
do
when
Ibunzan 2021-04-30
②Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
(vulnerability list)
External network users
Combat Environment Task Notes File Management Missing List Host List Host Credentials Mind Map
Please enter content
CPU name

①Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
(host list)
Red Potion:2021-04-30
household

Combat environment task notes File management Vulnerability list Host list Host credentials Mind map
Store host
Enter Ryunai City

(host credentials)
1 item in total

Appointment and dismissal transfer 2027-04-30
②Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
Combat environment task notes File management Clearance list Host list Host credentials
mind Mapping
Test map

TRUNTY
(mind Mapping)

Job board 2021-04-30

4.2.2 Combat environment management module
The combat environment management module mainly provides cloud host management functions, template management functions, data return functions, task note functions,
and terminal access functions.
4.2.2.1 Cloud host management function
1) Task cloud host function: Task cloud host needs to be created in an established task. New tasks require a valid task QR code and scan for authentication.
The way to verify the task QR code here is the same as logging in to the external application cloud platform, and multiple verification methods
are supported:
a) Manual input: Obtain the login verification code through the mobile APP (the verification code is valid within 60S and can only be used once), implement verification
code authentication, and then log in to the platform through auxiliary authentication with an additional security code.
b) Matching login: Scan the QR code for personnel login through the PC or mobile terminal camera, and then log in after identification and verification in
the background.
c) Key login: The key here refers to the picture file of the QR code for personnel login. The background will identify and verify the
key before logging in.
After the task is created, the user can set the parameters of the task cloud host according to actual needs. The configuration limit of the task cloud host
(number of CPU cores, memory size, hard disk size) and the weapons that can be installed are determined by the task information carried by the task QR code. ,
Users cannot use weapons beyond the scope set by the mission. Weapons that need to be installed in the mission cloud host can be installed directly from the
weapons library platform, and the weapon installation source files are not landed on the mission cloud host. The operating system language and time zone are
set to protect the operator’s true identity information. The IP selection system provides two options: public IP and private IP, which can be selected according
to actual needs.
After the task cloud host is generated, the network where the task cloud host is located is automatically disconnected from the management network of the external
application cloud platform to ensure the security and concealment of the management network. The external application cloud platform will not store any task-related information or
task cloud host information, nor will any services be embedded in the task cloud host, ensuring the purity of the task cloud host and the security of the task.
Since the task is time-sensitive, the generated corresponding task cloud host is also time-sensitive, and its existence time is shorter than the task timeliness. After
the task timeliness is reached, the task cloud host is automatically destroyed; or after the task is completed, the task cloud host is actively released. After the task
cloud host is destroyed, the data cannot be recovered through hard disk recovery technology to ensure that task information, target information, and result data are
It is safe.
2) Temporary cloud host: Each user is allowed to create a temporary cloud host. The temporary cloud host will be automatically destroyed after 24 hours. The temporary
cloud host does not support automatic installation of software.
Allowing the creation of temporary cloud hosts is a security precaution to prevent unrelated persons from logging into the external application cloud platform through
some means and performing unwarranted operations. At the same time, it is also convenient for users to search for relevant information overseas. Users can set the parameters
of the cloud host according to actual needs.
4.2.2.2 Template management function
Supports generating templates from configured cloud hosts so that you can directly use the templates to create cloud hosts when necessary. The generated template is
not only visible to you, but can also be set to be open to other people in the organization.
4.3.3 Identity authentication security.
4.3.4 Security link design.
4.3.5 Anti-reconnaissance design.
4.3.6 Managing security design
4.3.7 Application security design
5 product parameters
6
Product Deployment









6.1 Applicable environment.
Deployment method.
6.2
7
product advantages
②Integrated combat platform
Template management TEMPLATE MANAGEMENT
Intranet platform
Order from heart
CPU First Light Chapter
Ubuntu 16.04 1386



Japanese division
Details






Details



Details


sqFIn
Fight with others
Ten intranet operations offices
God's day
50 infusions, one for each washbasin

How flat is the outside?
What is the establishment of MMS?
external door

Workers are included


What platform is the intranet?

(template management)






4.2.2.3 Terminal access function
The main purpose is to provide various verification codes involved in the external network application platform, and to realize all functions of the external network
application cloud platform web side on iOS system and Android system devices, and is operable.
> Binding process
1) Set a 6-digit password for the cloud host management platform software
2) Scan the QR code of the server address provided on the intranet
3) Scan the login QR code provided on the intranet
4) Scan the additional security QR code
> PC login operation
1) Enter the 6-digit password to unlock the cloud host management platform software
2) Enter the login verification code and additional security code provided by the cloud host management platform software on the computer to log in.
> Mobile login process
1) Enter the 6-digit password to unlock the cloud host management platform software
2) Select mobile phone to log in
3) Scan/upload the login QR code provided by the intranet to log in
4) Enter the interface to operate the relevant functions of the external application cloud platform
4.2.2.4 Data return function
Supports the transmission of result files, cloud notes and other data obtained from the task cloud host to the private network management platform. The transmission is point-to-point transmission,
that is, from the external network file server to the private network file server. This transmission channel can only be transmitted in one direction and is irreversible. .
External network/private network file server used for file transfer, and the received files are encrypted and stored. File transmission and storage
are isolated in the directory structure, from single user to single user, and from log file to log file, to prevent third parties from snooping and tampering,
and to ensure the security of data transmission.
The external private network information synchronization function includes file synchronization, cloud note synchronization and task cloud host information synchronization.
4.2.2.5 Task note function
The task note component supports collecting, organizing and writing various types of information. It supports the creation of folders for classified storage, supports the
insertion of pictures and attachments, supports automatic saving, etc., making it easy to organize and summarize fragmented records such as new techniques and tactics and
usage experience formed during actual operations, and quickly synchronize to Private network and display.
②Integrated combat platform
TASK MANAGEMENT
Combat Environment Task Notes File Management Vulnerability List Host List Host Credentials Mind Map
External network account
VPS account
Please enter and click to open the content
Ren Zhizhi 2021-04-30
Return notes
content

Can
(Task note management)
Total 3
Note 1 page 10
4.2.2.6 Virtual machine management function
It supports the management of virtual machines included in the platform, viewing the corresponding IP or virtual machine status and time information, turning on or off virtual
machines, and other operations.
② Integrated combat platform
VIRTUAL MACHINE MANAGEMENT VIRTUAL MACHINE MANAGEMENT
Intranet combat host
external combat host


Silver Power Breaker comes with combat est
unknown
Don't know
Don't know

task management



attack penetration


15 items in total




4.2.2.7 External network account management function
(Virtual machine management)
It supports unified management of external network accounts stored in the platform, and various operations such as editing and deleting the corresponding accounts can be performed.
②Integrated combat platform
TERNET ACCOUNT
username
you are still with me 111








use





4.2.2.8 Vps account management function
(External network account management)
Supports editing and viewing corresponding information of external VPS accounts in the platform.
Please enter

②Integrated combat platform
VPS ACCOUNT VPS ACCOUNT
vuter

VULTR

Get an on-site account
1 item in total
1 page 10
4.2.3 Link resource management function
(vps account management)
In principle, there are no less than 3 access links to the external network platform, 2 TZ cover links and 1 scientific Internet link. The TZ cover
link is used for daily network combat environments; the scientific Internet link is used for daily access. use. Whether you purchase third-party link resources or
build your own links, all links must be in fully anonymous mode.
4.3 Security protection system
Safety is the foundation and prerequisite for the application of integrated combat platforms. On the basis of building a basic security system, we design security strategies,
build security barriers, and build security mechanisms from multiple dimensions such as identity authentication, data security, link security, anti-reconnaissance security, and security
management to ensure that TZ business actual work is highly concealed and Highly safe and highly reliable.
4.3.1 Basic security system
The intranet platform should be deployed in the computer room in the user's jurisdiction, and the external network platform should be deployed in a safe and controllable computer room. A special security area
should be set up in the computer room, and non-related personnel should not be allowed to contact to ensure the physical safety of the machine.
The internal and external networks of the platform are physically isolated. The security of the internal network relies on the protection system of the network security private network (such as deployed on the network security private network). If there is no
Deployment, then create a new protection system. External network security, in addition to the necessary security protection equipment, according to different application modules of the external network,
Set up different security zones for fine-grained security protection. Safety protection equipment, including but not limited to the security of each host system on the platform
Reinforcement, firewall, traffic auditing, intrusion detection equipment, APT attack detection equipment, honeypots, etc. Where conditions permit, please refer to etc.
Carry out safe construction according to the standards of Level 3 or above.
You can consider using masked identities to carry out the above-mentioned basic security system construction work.
4.3.2 Data security design
Data security refers to the technical and management protection measures adopted for the storage and transmission security of platform data. It is used to protect
computer hardware, operating systems, software and data from being damaged, tampered with and leaked due to malicious reasons.
One is data storage security. The storage device has an industrial-grade high-reliability design, supports concurrent access, and ensures that all cloud services on the cloud platform
It ensures uninterrupted business for customers and prevents unauthorized access. Security measures include:
1) Protect the integrity and confidentiality of key information such as user identification information and audit logs.
2) Effectively isolate the storage data of different cloud service customers in the cloud platform.
3) Take corresponding technical measures to monitor storage hardware resources and storage software resources in real time, provide timely alarms for abnormal
situations, and notify relevant responsible persons.
4) There are corresponding measures at the physical level and software level, such as disk redundancy queues, regular backups, redundant storage,
encrypted storage and isolated storage, etc., to prevent data loss or illegal access.
The second is data transmission security. Data transmission security means that data can be transmitted safely and completely from the external network to the internal network,
without leakage of data and data sources during the process. Data transmission security is achieved from three dimensions: access security, data security and transmission channel security.
1) The data recipient can use the whitelist method to control the source of the data, and use network security equipment to monitor and warn the
data in real time.
2) Data must be encrypted before transmission. Data cannot be encrypted or decrypted during the transmission process. Data encryption must
be one-time encryption. After transmission, the recipient must verify the integrity of the data.
3) The transmission channel needs to use a covert link to hide both the sender and the receiver to prevent traceability. The transmission channel needs to strictly control the source
and destination of data, and adhere to the principle of minimum access.
The third is the safety of the combat environment. Combat environment security is to ensure the security of the cloud host environment during the execution of tasks and meet the
following requirements:
1) Supports firewall enablement and configuration of the host operating system.
2) Ability to conduct regular vulnerability monitoring on cloud hosts and perform patch updates in a timely manner.
3) Able to monitor the use of tools in the host, the opening of ports, etc., and provide early warning for abnormal situations to ensure the security of the
cloud host.
The fourth is tool platform security. Ensure the security of the tool platform through identity authentication and multi-dimensional access control, and ensure the security of the
tool itself through security testing and encrypted storage to meet the following requirements:
1) The tool platform can only be accessed within the private network and has no Internet access channel.
2) The tool platform has identity authentication to minimize access rights and ensure that only those with designated special permissions can use the tool platform.
3) The tool platform restricts access to source IP.
4) Conduct a comprehensive security test on the tool itself to ensure that there are no loopholes in the test and prevent the safe operation of the cloud host from being affected after uploading.
5) Conduct security training for those with access rights, securely upload the toolkit through special encryption, and use a one-time
password.
6) Authorize the use of tools, and they cannot be used without authorization.
4.3.3 Identity authentication security
No real personal information (including but not limited to WeChat, email, phone number, police number, etc.), task information (including but not
limited to task content, etc.) will appear in any part of the external platform (including account number, user name, new content, etc.) Task number, participants,
etc.), and no confidential information shall appear.
The external network platform uses two-factor strong authentication and needs to use dynamic passwords, QR code authentication and other methods for two-factor authentication to prevent others
from maliciously logging in.
The platform uses high-intensity security policies to prevent brute force cracking of platform usernames and passwords through blacklists, connection limit limits,
password error limits and other methods.
4.3.4 Security link design
The first is access link security: the intranet platform is in an isolated secure network and is not connected to the Internet. Host creation for the external network platform requires that
the resource configuration information and tool authorization information in the intranet be transmitted to the external network platform using offline encryption.
The second is the security of the combat link: the external network platform does not directly conduct operations against the target, but must access the secure hidden link to conduct
work on the target. If the combat link is interrupted, the cloud host needs to be disconnected from the network to avoid IP address leakage caused by direct connection to MB.
The third is access link security: platform users need to access the combat host through a special access link.
Fourth, backhaul link security: In order to ensure the security of the intranet platform, when data from the external network is transmitted to the intranet platform, the transmission
channel is one-way and irreversible. And the transmission link is isolated from the access link. When there is no one-way data import channel between the external network and the internal network, the internal
network actively captures the task data and notes transmitted to the secure data cloud center. When there is no one-way data import channel between the external network and the internal network, a secure
data cloud center must be established and deployed in a secure network domain (connected to the Internet, but with two-way access control and protection), and the internal network platform
must also be deployed in another Within the secure network domain (connected to the secure data cloud center, but with two-way access control and protection). Task data and notes are encrypted
and transmitted to the secure data cloud center and stored encrypted. The intranet actively initiates an application to the secure data cloud center. After passing the certification, the data and notes
are encrypted and transmitted to the intranet.
4.3.5 Anti-reconnaissance design
The first is covert camouflage: The external network platform uses ultra-long random strings to set login addresses and uses non-related name naming systems to
covertly camouflage the platform to prevent others from guessing the address.
The second is content desensitization: the external platform uses desensitized text, logo naming related functions, and tab pages. All information on the external platform must be
Nothing to do with business.
The third is platform code security: developer information cannot exist in the platform code, and information related to developers and platform functions cannot exist in
the annotation information. Code audits and security tests are required before the platform is released to prevent it from being exploited by attackers.
Fourth, trace removal: the platform will not store any user-related information or usage trace information.
The fifth is security cover: Platform development, line rental, computer room rental and other businesses need to be handled using a cover identity to prevent
Stop being traced and located. The system, language, time zone, font, system environment, input method, etc. used by the external platform must all be in non-Chinese languages. all
The configuration information is configured according to the protected identity.
The sixth is self-destruction processing: after detecting a system intrusion on the external network platform, the network connection is first blocked, and then the level of harm is assessed.
When the hazard level reaches a certain level, the self-destruction process is initiated.
4.3.6 Managing security design
The first is the management system: organizations at all levels formulate corresponding management regulations, form a dedicated, authoritarian, and dedicated management model, improve the
management system, conduct strict review of personnel entering and exiting the computer room, conduct regular inspections of the environmental safety of the computer room, and pass the system Ensure people and
environment are reliable.
The second is safe operation specifications: through long-term actual combat accumulation and summary, safe operation requirements for daily work are gradually
formed. The operations of relevant personnel must comply with security regulations. Any attack operations are based on tasks and will not attack targets privately.
The third is daily security management: Platform managers need to regularly audit the operations of platform users so that problems can be
discovered and resolved early.
4.3.7 Application security design
First, non-administrator permissions: The combat cloud host can only be logged in through non-administrator accounts, and corresponding group policies are configured, such as prohibiting
modification of registry entries, prohibiting access to system directories, prohibiting modification of network configurations, etc.
The second is the black/white list control mechanism: black/white list configuration can be performed on the network resources that the combat cloud host is allowed to
access, such as restricting the resources that the cloud host can access based on domain name, IP, port, etc.

Product parameters
category
Architecture
Intranet platform
Parameter index
B/S architecture
Deployment method
local deployment
Intranet business management module
Task management function
support
Personnel management function
support
User management function
support
Points management function
support
Skills and tactics sharing function
support
Task statistics function
support
Log management function
support
Intranet resource management module
Data resource management function
support
Template resource management function
Link resource management function
support
support
Weapon resource management function
support
Security sandbox module
File import analysis function
support
API detection function
support
Behavior analysis function
support
Process image analysis function
PACP packet capture analysis function
Malicious behavior screenshot function
support
support
support
External network platform
category
Parameter index
Architecture
B/S architecture
Deployment method
local deployment
External network task management module
Task list display
support
View cloud host information
support
Weapons resource management module
File import analysis function
support
API detection function
support
Behavior analysis function
support
Process image analysis function
support
PACP packet capture analysis function
support
Malicious behavior screenshot function
support
Weapon storage management function
support
Weapon storage management function
support
Weapon information annotation function
Weapon classification encrypted storage function
support
support
Weapon download logging
support
Weapons resource management module
1 Introduction
In recent years, with the continuous development and construction of network TZ teams and TZ laboratories at all levels, the level of technical personnel
reserves and equipment construction of public security network TZ teams at all levels has reached a certain level. The professional network TZ laboratory team focusing on
"team building, capacity building, infrastructure construction, and equipment construction" has achieved good results in combating various network illegal and criminal
activities, obtaining key clues and intelligence to protect national security, and has also demonstrated its The network TZ team will play a decisive role in the future work
of guarding, governing, and maintaining cyberspace.
However, with the development of the Internet and 5G and other mobile networks, network TZ work has begun to have characteristics such as
diversity, randomness, complexity, and cumbersomeness. In the daily development of network TZ work, improper collaboration, improper cover, and lack of
preparation are prone to occur. , Insufficient response, which often leads to unclear tasks, slow implementation, and low efficiency in TZ work.
Therefore, based on the current development trend and business direction of network TZ business, it is necessary to carry out overall planning and build a professional TZ
business comprehensive combat management platform to solve the problems of security, concealment, collaboration, mobility and flexibility in daily TZ work, and through the
establishment of mission-oriented A comprehensive combat management platform that integrates , environment, resources and security protection to fully integrate various resources, create safe
and concealed technical measures, scientifically manage the use mechanism of TZ weapons and equipment, and establish and improve task process specifications.
2 Demand analysis
The integrated combat platform should be able to solve the related problems encountered by network TZ services. It is a set of professional system platforms that can achieve high
degree of business integration, efficient and intensive resources, efficient and practical collaboration, and build a security system.
The construction of the entire platform needs to meet the following requirements:
(1) High degree of business integration
The integrated combat platform should be able to fully combine the characteristics of network TZ business, establish a standardized task-oriented management
mechanism, and build a complete set of business processes from task release, reception, pre-start, mid-control, and post-processing, and combine with business processes to form a
centralized A platform that integrates a standardized working environment, solidified covert secure access links, flexible task release and approval management, and strict weapons use
Taiwan, comprehensively promote the highly integrated and standardized development of business work.
Weapon authorization update function
Weapon upgrade update function
Historical version tracing function
support
support
support
Weapon update logging function
support
Combat environment management module
Cloud host management function
support
Template management function
support
Terminal access function
support
Data return function
support
Task note function
support
6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
The integrated combat platform is a set of professional system platforms that can achieve a high degree of business integration, efficient and intensive resources, efficient and practical
collaboration, and build a complete security system. It is suitable for network TZ teams to conduct collaborative and efficient operations to achieve full integration of various resources,
Create safe and concealed technical measures, scientifically manage TZ weapons and equipment usage mechanisms, establish and improve TZ task process specifications and other TZ
comprehensive business scenarios.
6.2 Deployment method
The integrated combat platform is mainly divided into two parts, namely the intranet business comprehensive management platform and the external network combat application management platform. The intranet
business comprehensive management platform is deployed in the absolute intranet (can be deployed in the network security private network), and the external network combat application management platform is deployed
in a secure computer room that can connect to the Internet. In order to fully ensure the security of interaction between the internal and external networks of the platform, when the internal network transmits instructions to the
external network, offline encrypted transmission (non-physical connection) is used. When the external network platform returns data to the internal network platform, the data is transmitted in one direction and is
in the link. Add light gates to securely control data transmission.
(1) Integrated intranet business management platform
The intranet business comprehensive management platform is deployed in the intranet computer room where the user is located. In order to meet the functional needs of the intranet
platform and the basic operating environment, the platform deployment requires a high-performance server for resource monitoring, calling and data storage. Server-related The configuration
is as follows:
Configuration Environment
Device parameters
1. Control nodes and storage nodes support monitoring and calling the resource
usage of slave devices, and storing related data.

3. Memory: 128G
Intranet server configuration
4. Network card: 4*GE
5. Disk controller: 6/12G RAID card supporting RAID5
6. Hard disk:960GSSD+6TSATA*5
(2) External network combat application management platform
7. Quantity: 1 unit
The external network combat application management platform is deployed in a secure computer room that can be connected to the Internet. In order to meet the basic functional applications
and basic operating environment of the external network platform, the platform deployment needs to be equipped with a total of 6 servers of various types such as control nodes, computing nodes,
and storage nodes. , At the same time, in order to meet the needs of the combat environment, anonymous purchase kits are used to purchase VPS servers to build VPS clusters, in which the
number of concurrent VPS servers is no less than 30, fully ensuring multi-task execution needs. The server related configuration parameters are as follows:
Configuration Environment
Device parameters
1. Control node supports monitoring and calling the resource usage of slave
devices.
Control node server configuration

3. Memory: 128G
4. Network card: 4*GE
Compute node server configuration
5. Disk controller: 6/12G RAID card supporting RAID5
6. Hard drive: 480GSSD+4TSATA*4
7. Quantity: 2 units
1. Computing nodes provide computing resources and virtualization capabilities.

3. Memory: 128G
4. Network card: 4*GE
5. Disk controller: 6/12G RAID card supporting RAID5
6. Hard drive: 480GSSD+4TSATA*4
7. Quantity: 2 units
1. Storage nodes provide storage capabilities.

3. Memory: 128G
Storage node server configuration
4. Network card: 4*GE
5. Disk controller: 6/12G RAID card supporting RAID5
6. Hard drive: 480GSSD+6TSATA*6
7. Quantity: 2 units
1. Single cloud host hard disk ≥100G
2. Cloud host concurrency ≥ 30 units
VPS server cluster
3. VPS are purchased using anonymous packages
4. IP addresses are all overseas addresses
7 product advantages
> Highly integrated business
The integrated platform fully combines the characteristics of network TZ business, establishes a standardized task-oriented management mechanism, and builds a
complete set of business processes from task release, reception, pre-start, mid-control, and post-processing, and combines the business processes to form an integrated standardization
An integrated working environment, solidified covert secure access links, flexible task release and approval management, and strict weapon use all promote the highly
integrated and standardized development of business work in an all-round way.
> Efficient and intensive resource utilization
The integrated platform fully combines the actual business direction of TZ, makes full use of virtualization technology and multi-interface collaboration technology, integrates
various combat environment resources such as links, weapons, techniques and tactics required for TZ work, and provides combat resources, combat environment, The unified management and application
of combat weapons and combat methods has created a comprehensive, centralized and efficient management and use platform that integrates various resources such as environmental management,
weapons management, and data management.
> Full platform virtualization
The entire platform uses iSoonStack technology to provide resource optimization and virtualization, which includes storage services, image management,
With network management, virtual machine management and other functions, users can simulate real network topology and build their own network according to their own needs.
The network environment is configured through a virtual host and a visual operation interface, which simplifies the tedious configuration and does not require the user terminal to type commands.
Moreover, the operation logic is reasonably designed to be simple, efficient, and easy to expand. It is suitable for different network topology environments and does not require
Repeat configuration is required.
> Deep security system
The integrated platform construction focuses on TZ's business environment needs and combat environment needs, and carries out a safe and reliable security protection system
design, formulating a high-intensity security protection strategy. According to various requirements such as safety regulations and safety standards, from physical security to equipment
security Carry out comprehensive and detailed planning and scientific design from multiple dimensions such as application security, data security and management security, so as
to protect the entire platform and prevent damage and attacks.
(2) Efficient and intensive resource utilization
The integrated combat platform should be able to fully integrate the actual business direction of TZ, make full use of virtualization technology and multi-interface collaboration
technology, integrate various combat environment resources such as links, weapons, techniques and tactics required for TZ work, and provide combat resources, combat Unified management and
application of the environment, combat weapons, and combat methods to create a comprehensive, centralized and efficient management and use platform that integrates environmental management,
weapons management, data management and other resources.
(3) Collaboration is efficient and practical
The integrated combat platform should be able to provide a cross-time, cross-space, and cross-task collaborative working mechanism. Combined with the collaborative model of TZ business
work, various collaborative models in actual combat should be reflected on the platform, which can facilitate the technical personnel of the special investigation team in Collaborative operations,
combined operations, and team sharing of techniques, tools, equipment, and results are carried out on the platform to give full play to the advantages of collective operations. And the entire platform takes
practicality, ease of use, and ease of use as its fundamental goals, and achieves the overall construction purpose of being based on needs, serving the process, and improving combat effectiveness.
(4) Build a safety system
The integrated combat platform should be able to provide a safe and reliable security protection system design around the TZ's business environment needs and combat
environment needs, and formulate high-intensity security protection strategies. According to various requirements such as safety regulations and safety standards, from physical
security, Comprehensive and detailed planning and scientific design are carried out from multiple dimensions such as equipment security, application security, data security and
management security, so as to protect the entire platform from damage and attacks.
3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
The integrated combat platform is a dedicated system platform based on solving actual combat problems. Under the entire business system, it belongs to the category
of combat units and is mainly used to organize and implement combat tasks. The integrated combat platform adopts physical isolation of internal and external networks. All combat
resources and combat environments are concentrated in the cloud with high-strength protection. Actual combat tasks are released through the intranet to ensure the security of
internal and external network data. Actual combat team members can safely and covertly access the combat platform at any time, anywhere, through any network, and using any terminal
to carry out actual combat work.
Based on this platform, combat team members can achieve collaborative operations in the same combat scenario for common tasks and goals, share resources,
intelligence and weapons and equipment, coordinate the progress, process and goals of combat tasks, and maximize the use of the team combat power. At the same time, the
cloud platform generates assembled combat environments, solidifies security links, standardized security protection measures, and strict task process approval management to
constrain the behavior of combat team members, strictly control and prevent external attacks, and ensure operational security.
3.2 Product composition
The platform can be set up in a local deployment mode. Users can use server clusters of corresponding sizes according to their own needs. The platform can be
used after being deployed in the cluster. The product composition list is mainly as follows:
1. Integrated combat platform: 1 set
2. Integrated combat platform user manual: 1 copy
3.3 System architecture



upper layer
manager
business
manager
task executor
Operation and maintenance
manager
security

upper management
Business manager tasks
executive staff
Operation and maintenance managers
Application layer
Integrated intranet business management platform
Intranet resources
Intranet business
Management module
Management module
Support platform
External network combat application management platform
Application layer
link
arms
resource
management
module
Module Asset
Management
Model Resource
Management
combat
environment
management
module
Extranet
Task
manage
module
Support platform
Resource pool A
Resource pool B
Resource pool C
internet
infrastructure
Management system
(Light room/physical isolation)
Resource pool A
Resource pool B
Resource pool C
infrastructure
Intranet (WA private network)
(system architecture diagram)
The integrated combat platform system is designed based on the overall network topology, which is divided from bottom to top: infrastructure, support platform
and application layer.
Infrastructure: The infrastructure is mainly the hardware resources required to deploy the support platform, including various network hardware equipment resources. The infrastructure
of the intranet business comprehensive management platform and the external network combat application management platform adopts virtualization technology and private cloud storage
technology. Realize cluster allocation and resource scheduling of hardware resources to maximize the performance of platform infrastructure resources.
Support platform: The intranet business comprehensive management platform mainly deploys intranet resource management modules and intranet business management modules to meet daily needs.
Delivery of TZ services, comprehensive application management and evaluation of services, and comprehensive management and maintenance of data returned by daily TZ tasks. The
external network combat application management platform mainly deploys the external network task management module, combat environment management module, weapon resource management
module and link resource management module. The task management management module is mainly used for task status tracking and progress viewing on the external network platform;
combat The environment management module mainly includes functions such as daily TZ mission environment issuance, environment generation, and environment destruction; the weapon
resource management module mainly includes centralized management of various weapons and equipment required for daily mission execution, and issuing weapons according to mission
requirements. For use; the link resource management module mainly provides comprehensive management functions for security cover links required for task execution, network links for daily
use, and other network link resources.
Application layer: Mainly provides the login interface of the intranet business comprehensive management platform and the external network combat application management platform. Users can
log in to the intranet business comprehensive management platform and the external network combat application management platform respectively through multiple security authentication and verification
mechanisms. The two platforms provide different operating permissions and application interfaces based on user roles and identities. Further ensure the standardization and security of platform use.
3.4 Network architecture
District security room
security boundary
External network platform (cloud host)
Combat environment Combat environment Weapon resources Weapon resources Chain management Task management










Only one-way data transmission (external
network to internal network)
light room
SDN switch
Anonymous anti-tracing
mission target
Intranet platform
Task instructions
offline encrypted delivery
Operation terminal
Operation terminal Operation terminal
Operation terminal
Operation terminal
Operation terminal
(Network architecture diagram)
The integrated combat platform is designed around the TZ business management idea. The intranet platform is deployed in the secure computer room in the user's jurisdiction, and the external
network platform is deployed in the operator's computer room rented with a cover identity or the user's own cover base computer room, thus forming an entire Network architecture of integrated combat
platform. The network architecture diagram mainly consists of three parts: the network environment of the internal network platform, the network environment of deploying the external network platform,
and the interaction between the internal and external network environments.
Intranet platform network environment: In principle, the intranet platform is deployed in a secure computer room in the user's jurisdiction to build a private network (with the Internet
The network is completely isolated and has no Internet access rights) or it can be deployed in the WA private network according to user needs to achieve control of the entire intranet platform.
Private network only.
External network platform network environment: The hardware resources of various platforms that carry the external network's combat environment, weapon resources, link
management, task management, etc. are deployed in a private cloud and deployed in the operator's computer room rented with a cover identity or the user's own cover base In the computer
room, combined with the particularity of each module and the network complexity of the external network platform, the external network platform is protected and isolated from the
Internet through a firewall. The four management modules within the external network also adopt corresponding protection strategies to achieve mutual isolation. Only open
necessary ports to achieve compliant use and operation of various resources.
Network interaction in the internal and external network environment: mainly includes two directions. One is to transfer instructions from the internal network to the external network. The
transmission method must be offline and cannot be transmitted through any physical connection method. The instructions must be encrypted and transmitted, and the instructions should be in accordance with
the agreed Data format and value specifications are written and transmitted. The second is to return the data collected by the task from the external network to the internal network. The return must be one-
way and can only be transmitted from the external network to the internal network. The return data must be encrypted before it can be transmitted. The return must be through a separate cover link.
4 product features
4.1 Intranet platform functions
The intranet platform mainly includes an intranet business management module and an intranet resource management module. The intranet business management module is a component of the intranet
business comprehensive management platform and an important link in realizing a complete closed-loop process; the intranet resource module is mainly responsible for comprehensive management of various
intranet resources and external network backhaul resources. To ensure the security of the intranet, a security sandbox module will be deployed on the front end of the intranet resource management module.
②Integrated combat intranet platform
front page
task management



system message



(Intranet platform login interface)
Knowledge base management
Integrated combat intranet platform


User management

User Management




social business
Organizational management
The address is in this tank.

A thread of knitting is generally about one
Resource management





Credit 120/64CCB
2133MHZ


ADENIAMININE 1

ADHIN TAMIN



ADMIN1AJMINT
Example: 0KB/sec
ADHINTAMINT
4.1.1 Intranet business management module
(Intranet platform homepage)
The intranet business management module mainly includes task management function, personnel management function, user management function, points management function,
technology and strategy sharing function, task statistics function, and log management function.
1) Task management function: Task management is the core function of the intranet business management platform. Authorized users
publish tasks through the task management module, assign specific subtasks to subordinate team members, and review and comment on
the submitted task results. , as the basis for performance appraisal; team members can view assigned tasks through task management,
and can apply for new tasks as needed, or perform task transfer and other operations. Mainly include: task release, task viewing, task
review, task application, task transfer and task review.
◇One-stop combat platform
task list
What to add
AIMINTADMINIADMINT
mission name
Personnel belongs to Longdu City
Old Kaiyi
20MIN2

Detailed planning of tasks, detailed tasks, carrying tasks,
understanding tasks, selecting and advancing tasks
Task designation, task description, task process, task description, task description

customize
Yangshi
Suining City
inner
ADMIN
customize
The sample license is the standard board description template said template description template selected
Shanban platform is the standard board. Visit Ming'an board and explain the template. Template description
Mission Master Cup. Officiating one
ADMINTI
(task release)
one
Shinji
Take two Take three
It is indeed better than the internal network of the battle
Details SK DETAILE
task list
Detailed information
Task notes file management
Xirun, Yuan
Host list
X3MIN COMMUNIADMIN


Multi-statement description description task description Jiang Wushu: job description
KOMINZ

COMING

Template one (template)
Mianyang City
Li board description machine board light when board powder template description template template template description
Local machine one (industrial)
REMEMBER

External network login















By Use My Google Account |
| Sign in to Google [if you haven't already

|Out of Zhan Yachang Quantum Tiao Erxia He Tongchuan Yong II
| Person 99 U | Maysarstaea

Several [area plus | by full training Se book by people after

is 1 居

many

Out of a few
| people

Book in nu
outside

IN

people

| Book Book |

【people

























Volume in UN by IN
by 0
and Mr 0

Book |
We





立 | |AaBbccpdll saBbccpdl AaBb AaBbc AaBi
Yan E Zhonggu Guang ~ .Text 4 No separation Title 1 Title 2 Title



style

gongheaia gov.in indian employees provident fund organizationa

, Overview:o
The Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) is a social security institution. With the establishment of the Employees Provident Fund on November 15, 1951, the Employees Provident Fund

Established with the promulgation of regulations. Responsible for and oversees the largest compulsory state pension scheme in India. EpFo
Assist the Central Committee in administering mandatory multi-pay, pension and insurance schemes for the workforce working in India. it is also
Nodal agency for implementing bilateral social security agreements with other countries. These workers in India and those who have signed bilateral
international workers in the countries of the agreement. As of May 2021, 218 such companies are in effect. EPFO’s most

The high decision-making body is the Central Board of Trustees (CBT), a statutory body established by the Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Act, 1952 = and

The Ministry of Labor and Employment governs and governs the organization. As of 2018, over Rs 110 crore. 0 193.4 million with
Member-related information Wanghu (Annual Report 2016-17) <

3. Project achievements:e
1 tender provident fund association

gender,#*


















Member information table MEMBER: 320 million items, the main section includes: name, provident fund manager, birthday
Certificate or husband’s name, etc. csv format, compressed package 13.3GB data until July 8, 2021











2 Provident fund registration information table MEMBER_USERS: 68 million entries, the main fields include: name, provident fund

Jin Bian
3. Email, phone number, ID, creation time, etc. csv format, compressed package 9.376G8 number
:July 8, 2021



Se Yao
According to cut-off



Microsoft email encryption platform
Product Manual
(V1.0 version in 2022)
Show:
username

Old Password *
New Password *
Confirm Password *
Sure
reset
5 Evidence collection process
In order to ensure the success rate of forensics on the target Outlook email, it is recommended to refer to the following steps to deliver the forensics link:
The first step is to understand the goal
Step 2: Communicate with the target
①. Writing materials
·Enter the trash
The third step is to place the “evidence collection link”
②.Send test materials to yourself
Not in the trash

Step 4: Wait for successful evidence collection
③. Send materials to the target
Step 5: Get the email
Platform operation flow chart
Step 1: It is the first time to use the Microsoft email encryption platform to collect evidence. It is recommended to start with small targets and collect target information;
Step 2: Communicate with the target and build trust;
Step 3: Based on the communication with the target, write the corresponding phishing email and insert the forensic link in the email. To ensure the consistency
of the forensic link and the original link, the displayed link in the email can be modified;
Step 4: Send the prepared email to yourself and see if you can successfully receive the email and avoid it being detected as spam by your mailbox;
Step 5: Wait for the evidence collection to be successful and log in to the Microsoft mailbox secret extraction platform to collect the email data.
6 product parameters
category
Architecture
Forensic link generation
parameter
B/S architecture
support
Email encryption
support
Evidence collection time
Passwords that are not changed are valid for a long time
7 Product Deployment
In order to ensure the stable operation of the entire platform, the server requirements for deploying the Outlook mailbox forensics platform are as follows:
product name
Hardware configuration requirements
1. CPU: dual core
2. Memory: 4G
Microsoft email secret extraction platform
3. Hard drive: 100G
4. System: Ubuntu1604
5. Bandwidth: ≥4Mbps
6. IP: Deployed overseas, such as Japan, the United States, etc.
8 product advantages
> Ease of use
The system has a B/S architecture. After authorization, users can log in to the system using their login name and password. According to the interface display, a
forensic link is generated and sent to the target. After the target clicks on the forensic link, the system automatically collects the evidence from the target. Outlook mailbox data,
the whole process is simple to operate and the interface is simple.
> High accuracy
Through the forensic link, the backend system can quickly obtain the session information of his account without the target person having to enter the account password again.
> Exclusive technology
The platform is comprehensively developed and designed based on years of research on the Outlook security mechanism. It can directly bypass Google secondary verification such as
login IP and mobile phone verification code, without the target actively sensing the entire process, and obtain the target email data.

Table of contents
1 Introduction
2
Requirements analysis


3
Product Introduction

3.1
Product introduction.

3.2
Product composition.

3.3
System architecture.

3.4
Network architecture.

4
product features..
4.1
Generate phishing links
4.2
Obtain emails from the target mailbox.
4.3
Email download..
4.4
System configuration.
4.5
Operation log.







4.6 User management.
5 Evidence collection process
6 product parameters
7
Product Deployment
8
product advantages



w
1 Introduction
Email is a communication method that provides information exchange through electronic means. It has developed into the most widely used
service on the Internet today. E-mail has many characteristics such as fast, environmentally friendly, safe, convenient, and multimedia. It can receive emails
and store electronic files in various formats. It has become one of the important media tools in the daily life and work communication of netizens.
Hotmail is one of the free email providers on the Internet. Anyone in the world can read it, send and receive emails through a web
browser. Outlook mailbox is a free, network-based email portal service owned by Microsoft. Users When you log in to Hotmail, you will
also be redirected to your Outlook mailbox, which is a frequently used corporate email service brand. A large number of illegal
organizations and criminals use Outlook mailboxes to communicate, organize and spread false statements and create terrorist attacks and other
illegal and criminal activities that endanger national security.
2 Requirements analysis
(1) Precisely crack down on illegal crimes
As we all know, Outlook is a highly secure free Internet mail service launched by Microsoft. Criminals take advantage of this feature of Outlook mailbox
to avoid detection by investigators. The Outlook mailbox forensics platform is what Anxun Information has been targeting Outlook for many years. A system
developed by Mailbox Security Mechanism is specifically designed for Outlook mailbox forensics. It bypasses the secondary verification directly without a password
and can obtain the target person's email data without any sense.
(2) Fill the technical gaps
With the development of information security technology, information warfare has entered a white-hot state. Information has increasingly become the lifeblood of a country
and one of the resources that countries are scrambling to seize. In information warfare, stealing enemy information and destroying enemy information systems have become
the key to defeating the enemy. At this stage, a set of evidence collection platforms for Outlook mailboxes are being built to fill this technical gap and help combat illegal crimes.
force.
3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
Outlook mailbox is a free, web-based email portal service owned by Microsoft. When users log in to Hotmail,
they will also be redirected to Outlook mailbox. It is a frequently used enterprise email service brand.
The Microsoft mailbox secret extraction platform has been comprehensively developed and designed based on years of research on the Outlook mailbox login mechanism.
By obtaining the target email conversation, it can obtain the target person's email content and grasp key evidence, thereby achieving the purpose of preventing and
combating crime.
3.2 Product composition
The Microsoft Email Encryption Platform adopts a B/S architecture. Users can log in and use it by specifying an authorized account. The main product components of the
Microsoft Email Encryption Platform are as follows:
1. Microsoft email encryption platform account password: 1 set
2. Microsoft email secret extraction platform information: 1 set
3.3 System architecture
Microsoft email secret extraction platform
User authorization
module
link forgery
module
Token acquisition
module
Email collection
module
SaaS services
User login
link generation
Mail collection
Email download
WEB application
(system architecture diagram)
The Microsoft mailbox encryption platform is mainly used as a SaaS service provided by Anxun Information. The cloud platform is mainly composed of a user authorization
module, a link forgery module, a token acquisition module and an email collection module. After purchasing the Microsoft email encryption platform, users obtain corresponding
authorized accounts and client application platforms for installation and deployment. Through authorized accounts, users can perform functional operations such as login, link
generation, email collection, and email downloading.
3.4 Network architecture
Microsoft mailbox secret
extraction platform
WEB
platform
Email forensics
Email download
User authorization
authorized user
link forgery
WEB
platform
Email forensics
Email download
authorized user

(Network architecture diagram)
The Microsoft mailbox secret extraction platform is mainly constructed and maintained by Anxun Information to ensure the security and stability of the entire system. Users
only need to obtain an authorized account and build a WEB client platform, and then they can log in to the WEB application platform through the authorized account. Implement
forensic operations on the target Outlook mailbox.
4 product features
4.1 Generate phishing links
Go to the home page, enter the original address in the original link box (the original link is the URL that jumps to the page that the forensic target is interested in after
clicking on the forensic link), and click "Generate forensic link", as shown in the figure below:
Outlook email forensics platform
adminadmin
Last login: 2019-01-19 16:17:53
Expiration: 2015-09-08 13:53:00
Number of authorizations: 50 (number of times used: 15)
|Original link

Note:
1. Original link: The URL that jumps to the page that the target is interested in when the target clicks on the evidence and selects the photo.
2 Evidence collection link: The URL you clicked to obtain permission on that day.
Forensic continuation list
Double certificate request list

Mountain download list
operation date
serial number
Forensic link
No new login Log out
birth or time
original address
operate






After generation, you will see the generated forensic link in the latest forensic link list (the URL that the user deceives the target to click to obtain its
permissions). Click the copy button in the operation to copy the forensic link, as shown in the figure below:
Evidence collection quick link list

Forensic link
Generation time
original address




operate
When the original link of the generated forensic link is the same in the forensic link list, the platform will prompt that the generation failed. In this case,
you need to use other original links or delete the generated forensic link, as shown in the following figure:
Forensic link tips
This evidence collection link has been generated, please do not generate it again!
Sure
closure
4.2 Obtain emails from target email address
When the target clicks on the evidence collection link, he or she can find the second pass of the non-sense bypass in the "Forensic Success List" of the Microsoft Email Encryption Platform.
Verify and collect all target email data, as shown in the figure below:
Outlook email forensics platform
adminacmin
Note:

My date: 2019-09-08 15:35:00
The mailbox with "11" indicates unauthorized evidence collection, please contact sales to purchase authorization.

Mountain download list
Electrical system configuration
No account login

serial number
Mail
Evidence collection success time


Last mail received time





@outlook.com












@outlook.com




New login
Mail receiving status
operate
quit

Select the Outlook account you want to receive emails from and click the Receive Mail button in the operation to receive all emails in the target mailbox by date.
Email, as shown below:
serial number
Mail


Evidence collection success time
Last mail received time
Mail receiving status
operate
Select the date of the email you want to receive and click OK, as shown in the figure below:
Receive mail
Email address
Starting time*

End Time*


Sure
closure
As long as the password of the target mailbox has not been changed, the Microsoft mailbox encryption platform can continue to receive emails. If the target changes the login password,
the evidence collection link needs to be resent for evidence collection, as shown in the figure below:
Authorization prompt
4.3 Email download
The token has expired!
Sure
closure
Step 1: After successfully obtaining the target mailbox, you can see the progress of obtaining the target mail in the "Download List" of the Microsoft mailbox
encryption platform, and download the mail, as shown in the figure below:
Outlook: Email correction platform
adminadmin

Operation period: 2019-09-30 15:1500
serial number
Mail
Mountain download column
System Configuration

Start and end time
Receive email time
@hotmal.com

@hotmai.com

@hotmai.com
@hotmal.com
@hotmai.com
@outlook.com
password
schedule
operate

Mountain


Vote

Mountain

mountain window

@outook.com

Usury
@outlook.com

@outlook.com

Mountain
Select the target email account and click the download button in the operation. The emails obtained by this account will be downloaded in a compressed package format. When
decompressing, you need to enter the corresponding password to decompress, as shown in the figure below:
serial number
Mail


4.4 System configuration
Start and end time

Receive email time
password
schedule
operate

ZVBh1HuT

Mountain
You can see the status of the server and client in the "System Configuration" of the Microsoft mailbox encryption platform. When the account authorization expires or the authorization
times are used up, enter a new authorization code to extend the use of the platform, as shown in the figure below:
Outlook email verification platform

Last login: 2019-01-19 16:1750
6th installment: 2015-09-08 15:3500
Double certificate list
Creation date
Please enter the access code
Service error status information
CPU information 5 QEMU Virtual CPU version (cpu64-rhel6)
Total hard disk information: 158G Remaining: 146G
Total flash memory information is 7099M, remaining: 474TM
The background service is normal
Client status information
CPU information 5 QEMU Virtual CPU version (pu54-thel6)
Total hard disk information: 1586 Remaining: 1466
Total memory information: 7599M remaining: 4748M
Save authorization code
4.5 Operation log
The IP, user name, operation time, and operation content of the account that can be logged in in the "operation log" of the Microsoft mailbox encryption platform,
As shown below:
Outlook email forensics platform
adminadmin


serial number

username
Operating time
Operation content
adminadmin

Generating evidence collection successfully

Mountain download list
do
User Management
4.6 User management
adminadmin

Generating evidence will be successful
adminadmin

adminadmin

adminadmin

adminadmin
Birthplace certification will be successful

Generate evidence successfully
adminadmini

It is necessary to obtain evidence when the student is alive.
adminadmin

Successful collection of evidence from Shengxin
adminadmin

The number of certificates collected by the Health Department was successfully received
You can modify the system login name and password for the second login in the "User Management" interface of the Microsoft mailbox encryption platform, as shown in the figure below
two
people
machine
Buried in the middle













































































































































































Email: ethnet@loxinfo.co.th,
Email: mukdawan.sDcmu.ac.personth,

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































】
session

training

"87 Sichuan Boyn Wang Hai
|人| Which one are you talking about that I can hear?



tele2

Car "dressed in FE and from me"
district



Introduction to Antao’s services and capabilities

Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.





Shanghai 'Chengdu.Nanjing Kunming



|, Service System-Intelligence Service

intelligence services

With a professional APT penetration research team, rich APT penetration experience and mature APT implementation process, we are oriented to domestic public security
Department, based on the business needs of the public security department, performs APT implementation tasks on specific targets to obtain key intelligence data on specific targets.

hit on

involved in India, involved in Nepal, involved in Tibet



Www.i-soon.net



|, Intelligence Services-India-related

1













Jiang Erben|Gui. Erliao Yu Shui rs Ren Er |
There are 7 Han in 14 attacks in Tiaoban,
Explore the value in the material itself. The languages in the material itself include English and Hindi.

district
At.







































Ability to crack email attachments in materials such as word passwords to a certain extent
Previous: Shafeng District|Ben Erzhonghe Guoe[1 3 Tuoshi[Full
Two people 4 and Wang Pa
Product reports (brief reports, comprehensive reports, etc.), and have been approved by the central government in terms of performance.



























Security without boundaries - endless shopping Yes



|, Intelligence Service-Shenni

For Nepal, the main work targets are foreign affairs, national defense, presidential palace,
Head coach
Value, the language in the material itself includes English, Nepali, etc.

Book |
E from two 2





Security without boundaries - endless shopping Yes

| , development history

2020.10





Hosting the third full|





Network security TZ practical training plan



























2019.10
Hosted the 2nd National Public Security System Network
An TZ practical training
2018.12 @ People
Host the first National Public Security System 2020.05
Network security TZ practical training Jiangsu branch established
@One @ Formation Antao Academy
2018.09
2019.04
From the beginning to the end, I was selected as the network security guard of the Ministry of Public Security.
@ @ The first batch of units installed by the Health Bureau
2015                                            2018.10
Established a wholly-owned subsidiary in Sichuan as a major social force to participate in
2010 @ @@ Ministry of Public Security Overseas Special Case Network
Shanghai was established to tackle difficult tasks and achieve significant results.
Established in 2016 and obtained approval from ministerial and central leadership
@ @ Obtained the recognition and commendation of Angel Round Swollen Times
2013
Establish security research department
Established APT network penetration research department



Public security system W
@all

2021.10
Hosted the 4th National Public Security Bureau
System network security TZ practical training















WwWww.i-soon.net



Security without boundaries - endless shopping

|, company situation

Antao Information is committed to providing comprehensive solutions for TZ product research and development, TZ capability technical services, and TZ talent training, to provide public security customers with solutions for cyberspace confrontation, equipment construction,
Information acquisition and talent training contribute to Antao’s strength.



Shanghai Headquarters Sichuan Branch Yunnan Branch Jiangsu Branch

Established in 2010, the company headquarters is responsible for coordinating the company. Established in 2015, it mainly includes the R&D team and penetration team. Established in 2017, located in Kunming, mainly responsible for Established in 2020, located in Nanjing, mainly responsible for Jiangsu Province.
The national development direction is mainly composed of the financial team, caravan, security research team, and sales team, responsible for the company's overall Yunnan regional market work, with a sales group Su regional market work, with a sales team and technical
service team, security service team. The company's overall product development and design. team and technical team. team.



















































































Security without boundaries - Zhejiang has no boundaries YE release

The first batch of installation units of the Cyber Security Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, the second-level confidentiality qualification for weapons and equipment scientific research and production units, and the national information security service qualification (security engineering first level),
National Information Security Service Qualification (Information Security Emergency Response Level 3), National Information Security Service Qualification (Information Security Risk Assessment Level 3), National Information Security Vulnerability Database Technology
Supporting units (Level 3), registered information security professionals authorized training institutions in the field of attack and defense...etc.







Security without boundaries - endless shopping



Www.i-soon.net

| ApPT Team



APT Research Team Memories

Security without boundaries - endless shopping 7



| ApT service system



Combined with the needs of users in the public security industry, "create Antao's characteristic APT service system"



Security without boundaries - endless shopping 7

|, service system-target penetration service

@ Government unit organization intranet @ Xinjiang-related, Hong Kong-related, Taiwan-related
@ PC permissions for government personnel @ Communication network @ Electric power network @ Involving India, Nepal, and Tibet
@ file server permissions and

e Obtain postal service permissions
Overseas specific target government organization network Overseas specific target network facilities Other domestic and overseas organizations

Information has been

Carry out penetration support services based on important goals according to the needs of users in the public security industry

@ Transportation Network @ Medical Network @_ Reactionary, gambling, pornographic, MLM websites



Security without boundaries - endless shopping 7

|, Target Penetration Service-Technical Process





















ampersand

name















Police-enterprise cooperation taps value













case direction



Improve efficiency



People rise











Full ES Two

Continue to do a good job in the background technical support process




Www.i-soon.net



Safety without limit - endless shopping

|, Target Penetration Services-Supporting Services



On-site service

2all<









data analysis
Provide professional analysis and guidance on data involved in the case













7*24

Full technical support



clue mining









have

Safety without limit - endless shopping

Various cases

(Xuanse combined)



To Fenghan

On-site evidence collection





tiren







Erquan gang leader

Staff line expansion





tiren



Wangwangquansan



Www.i-soon.net



|, service system-battle support service



CD co)

remote mode

RN



Security without boundaries - endless shopping www.i-soon.net

































Also data form
Myanmar MPT Communications Company 139,603,184 11GB data User basic information, main fields: mobile phone number, name
Vietnam Vietnam Airlines 2,869,233 1044MB data User itinerary information, main fields Passenger ID, work, destination, etc.
Vietnam Vietnam operator data 87.918 38.9MB Data "|Main fields address, email, password, login information, name, etc.
Myanmar Myanmar operator data 46,292.354 4.03GB Data "|Main fields Phone number, etc.

















There needs to be a little ninety-nine on it.

There are Okukawa and Kawakawa ground 2
Complete
enter

Asan egm pieces 2w twice a week
Asan egm piece 2w twice a week (file)

Indonesian wj 2w about ten once a week (box)
Malay wj 1.5w once a week five boxes

Philippines wj 1w once a week separate pc file

More

temple
sex
Specialize
hour
establish
manage

5:04

ancient betta fish

4《 10

ask

electricity

3 4G countries)

Stone from other mountains

Station.Tagr



Full WeChat and PC version



Mr. Lu: They are reporting Tai’s things to the last time
At that time, the expert jury believed that the depth of the sample material was
The degree is still a little insufficient, and the breadth of the sample is not yet
Enough, the Yi Ren sample cannot be confirmed for project purchase



Do you have any additional materials here?



2 <

Well, relative to other units, they have
The quantitative requirements are higher and difficult to meet

3 Provident Fund Account Bank Card Information Table UAN_REPOSITORY, 160 million items
Fu Jiu S provident fund number, ID card, father's name, phone number, email address, bank
Format compressed package 20.8GB data as of July 8, 2021



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Are you guaranteed to get it?

certainly

If you can't take it off, return it immediately

Post service! By service!

Traffic monitoring can be bypassed

back

/1000 times)
Is for/Gmail secret extraction/network research/technology

Integrated training platform
Product white paper
(V1.0 version in 2022)
4.5 User management
In the "User Management" toolbar, the account of the currently logged-in user can be displayed, and the user can edit (nickname, password, delete)
operations on the current account.
Ikkyukasaku Yoheidai



4.6 Data import
status role
working hours

born
(User Management)



By logging in to the client software or interface machine platform management interface and connecting to our integrated data platform, you can perform operations
such as batch import, transmission, deletion and editing of data files.
Inflow management
Bunjinmon is
account
Service call


192.166 J12JG

FOR




It's coming down



November 4, 2014
A total of 17 seven major
(data import)
attack

10 pages
5 product deployment
Configuration Environment
Any computer model can be used
Environmental parameters
At least one USB2.0 or above interface
Hardware environment
The computer is recommended to have a dual-core CPU, 4GB of running memory, and a discrete graphics card or above.
The storage computing server recommends 64 cores, 128G running memory, and 8T hard disk.
Web server recommended 32 core 64G running memory hard disk 1T
The operating system requires win7 and above.
Software Environment
Browsers that support HTML5, Chrome and Firefox are recommended
Install the .Net Framework 4.6 framework
Web environment
Internet access
6.1 Applicable environment
"Anxun Integrated Data Platform" is suitable for scenarios where users analyze and judge massive amounts of data. The platform adopts a B/S
architecture. Users store data on a server that meets the configuration, log in to the backend management platform on a computer, and gain network access. permission,
you can log in and use it.
6.2 Deployment method
Anxun integrated data platform uses B/S architecture to provide services to users, so users can choose to build their own servers
or use hosting. The Platform can be accessed and used via a qualified computer and an available Internet network. Specific computer
configuration requirements are as follows:
Configuration Environment
Environmental parameters
Any computer model can be used
Hardware environment
At least one USB2.0 or above interface
The computer is recommended to have a dual-core CPU, 4GB of running memory, and a discrete graphics card or above.
The storage computing server is recommended to have 64 cores, 128G running memory, and 8T hard disk.
The web server recommends 32-core 64G running memory hard disk 1T
The operating system requires win7 and above.
Software Environment
Browsers that support HTML5, Chrome and Firefox are recommended
Install the .Net Framework 4.6 framework
Web environment
Internet access
6 product advantages
> Rich data types
Supports data import of multiple data types, intelligent identification, and automatic extraction of important information. After the platform cleans and
classifies the data, users can select the corresponding data to perform query tasks according to their own needs. The data types cover basic personal information (data,
identity) certificate, phone number), population data, operator data, network data and other data, which can effectively meet the work needs of business departments.
> Query speed is fast
Data query speed block, after selecting the corresponding data query module, through keyword related search, you can query data related to keywords
in seconds, effectively improving query efficiency.
> High security
Imported data supports identity authentication, IP whitelisting and security scanning analysis. In addition, the server supports built-in redundant backup to prevent
data disasters. By adopting a cluster architecture, the physical cluster size can be freely selected according to business needs to ensure load balancing and automatic failover.
> Ease of use
The platform has a simplified structure, is easy to operate, and has a beautiful interface. It does not require complex configuration to perform data query tasks, which greatly
improves the experience. At the same time, distributed storage is used to naturally support horizontal expansion. It is easy to operate and has good compatibility with third-party systems and platforms.
Table of contents
1 Introduction
2
Requirements analysis


3
Product Introduction

3.1
Product introduction.

3.2
Product composition.

3.3
Platform architecture.
3.4
Network architecture.


4
product features

4.1
Comprehensive search.

4.2
One-click search.

4.3
Platform resources.

4.4
System management.

4.5
User management.

4.6 Data import..
5
product deployment


6.1 Applicable environment
6.2 Deployment method.
6
product advantages


1 Introduction
In the era of rapid development of information technology, network technology has also undergone earth-shaking changes with the iteration of technology. New
technologies emerge in endlessly. Driven by the rapid development trend of Internet technology, network penetration technology is also constantly innovating. And the
current The international situation is complex and complex, and cyber-GJ incidents are occurring every moment. In addition to cyber-GJ incidents by hostile forces,
there are also illegal cyber-GJ activities carried out by criminal groups in order to obtain profits. China is a big cyber country, and also As one of the countries facing the
most severe network security threats, it is urgent to establish a data query platform to provide powerful network offensive and defensive capabilities for network TZ business
development.
Currently, there are many types of network security intelligence and other information. The GA team lacks channels to effectively improve search. Traditional searches are too cumbersome and cumbersome.
Moreover, most of the information searched is repetitive and meaningless data, and important data is often difficult to find, thus making it impossible to achieve effective efficiency of TZ team members.
Therefore, in order to meet the current development trend of network TZ, create professional search software and build an integrated data platform.
It is urgent to innovate network information search through the construction of an integrated data platform for search and storage. Through the storage and search platform
Technical means to implement storage and intelligent search modes help the network TZ team to effectively improve its actual combat capabilities and accumulate practical experience.
2 Requirements analysis
A data platform that integrates comprehensive retrieval, multiple data imports, resource management sharing and secure storage. The platform can perform
targeted data retrieval based on the daily work needs of network ZC business, support the import and summary of various types of data, and It can conduct
unified management and deployment of massive data, thereby effectively providing data support for network ZC work, further improving network ZC business
data construction, and improving ZC business efficiency.
> Comprehensive search
Based on data correlation query, it can realize comprehensive query through keywords, and use email, phone number, ID card, etc. as the main correlation
objects to check the detailed information of the target person, and support second-level query of massive data.
> Data import
By extending the technical protocol, it supports the safe import of many different types of data. By cleaning and classifying the collected data information
and importing it into the integrated data platform, it finally realizes various data information retrieval and extracts value data QB.
> Data management
Based on the data of the current business platform and according to the needs of specific business situations, users can create data collection for each
business project or share data with each business platform, ultimately achieving efficient use of data.
> Storage security
Based on the use of distributed storage technology, it naturally supports horizontal expansion, and at the same time, data security comes with redundant backup to prevent
data disasters; it also supports elastic scaling cluster architecture, and the physical cluster size can be freely selected according to business needs. In addition, it also supports high availability
Load balancing, automatic failover, etc.
3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
"Anxun Integrated Data Platform" is a data platform that integrates comprehensive retrieval, multiple data imports, resource management sharing and secure
storage. The platform can perform targeted data retrieval based on the daily work needs of network ZC business. It supports the import and summary of
various types of data, and can conduct unified management and deployment of massive data, thereby effectively providing data support for network ZC work,
further improving network ZC business data construction, and improving ZC business efficiency.
3.2 Product composition
"Anxun Integrated Data Platform" is mainly composed of four layers: data access layer, platform entrance layer, data governance layer and data application layer.
By importing, cleaning, identifying, managing and storing data in the data access layer, The file interface and log stream interface are set up at the platform entrance layer to
connect with user data. The data governance layer classifies the data through data cleaning, format conversion, unified identification, detection and evaluation,
data analysis and calculation, and finally implements data processing at the data application layer. Daily management, maintenance and use of system platform. The
product composition list is mainly as follows:
1. Integrated data platform software: 1 set
2. Integrated data platform user manual: 1 copy
3.3 Platform architecture
Data application
Identity query
Location query
Statistics
Other applications
database
data governance
document

Platform
standard data
other
Platform entrance

logstash
User data (txt, csv, sql, data, doc, xls... | Stream)
data access
Identity data
communication data
network data
location data
Other data
(Integrated data platform platform architecture diagram)
3.4 Network architecture
office equipment
office equipment
level one
Main control terminal (standby)
pyc transfer
WEB service
OMServer
Host (main)
rpyc: 11511
Second floor
module collection
View configuration
Restart service
Synchronize
files Add users



the third floor
Business server cluster
Provide data applications and
data APIs
Provides functions such as data cleaning, format
conversion, unified identification, detection
and evaluation, data analysis and calculation,
etc.
The platform provides file interface and
log stream interface to connect with user
data.
Users import data of different
types and file formats into the
platform
Host
Controlled end
Web interaction layer
Distributed computing layer
Cluster management service layer
(Integrated data platform network architecture diagram)
"Anxun Integrated Data Platform" adopts B/S architecture, adopts local deployment server method, and can also adopt hosting method. The platform
administrator logs in to the background to perform management operations, and edits, manages, and queries target-related data according to his or her own needs.
4 product features
The "Anxun Integrated Data Platform" data query platform combines the needs of users. The system includes comprehensive search, one-click search, platform
resource management, system management, user management and other functions to fully satisfy users' information and related information for specific targets. Inquire.
Integrated data platform
Registration
(Integrated data platform-backend)
4.1 Comprehensive search
Users can enter the keywords or fuzzy words they want to search in the input box (phone number, name, email, ID card, bank card, address,
link) and click "Search" to perform keyword fuzzy search. Date selection is supported. , and realize the query of all related data
information such as the target's name, email, phone number, ID number, etc.
Integrated data platform


Global
search
fantasy history record
(Comprehensive information inquiry)
4.2 One-click search
Based on the query requirements for some valuable data in real network ZC business work, users can use the "one-click query" information
query toolbar to select the data type corresponding to the search and enter the keywords to be searched in the input box. Click
"Search" to perform a keyword search to further query and collect target data information.
Integrated data platform
Integrated Kuan Wu Taiwan
Yuan Xiao 101201228
Announcement
The entry
пало забтала-бла-за-мя-"200" "Yasser: 1960 20397 880****8KONINOU PPA PANG VESSEL 0001-01-14 16:215
given by admin
DUY 084 Dea/22107 "205/11441120000 150, 3000 OI KIL OLME APP V2 2021 21 14:16.21.25
Impeachment
V02 2021 101 14:16:21.25
Have dinner
boracas God Thursday 030 2310001","2020, RB01H/Y, 200020102021001001 YOUNG, VIU NOW ΗΗΛ CAND APP V.02 2021 01:14:1



Advertising
2001905(9)2000/250 Binan Delayan Addict/KAM, HHA CAND APF V.02 2021 01 14 10.21.25
TASI VATA 7907811" "כוכי PRADO 2008 INCH" "AKASI PPA PANG ANGYLO 2001-01-14 18:215
given by admin
(One-click query)
(word)
750 10 coins
4.3 Platform resources
Based on the daily management or query needs of platform resources, users can use the "Resource Management" toolbar to enter the keywords
they need to search in the input box, click "Search" to perform keyword searches, and further query the target data. . It also supports operations such
as batch deletion, sharing, and editing of queried data. Click on the corresponding data to view the source of the data and the security analysis report. At
the same time, it also supports creating corresponding resource folders by yourself, and classifying data into different types according to different projects,
tasks or types, so that users can use the data clearly and intuitively. In addition, it also supports data sharing. By choosing to add existing data in the
resource library to different folders and setting up sharing, multiple departments can share data, greatly improving the efficiency of data use.
Hugh dozens of units


Resources(GB)

Yishenghuareba platform
Xiao1.01.201220
Integrated data reform platform
subject
ThreeDollar:k.com multiple files

TimeWarner Cable Du
Flowers on the door
Portal core file

File status
Damn
Portal upload files
Security | SevenData Glukom above

Xianwan heart shape
Lat Allah



(Resource Management)



(Resource Type)
Day
File size





Ikkyu Kasudeihei
Integrated micro
Integrated handlebar platform
Eisaku joint management
Style
Pages Total Pages Articles
Ten thousand xi
test!

(shared management)
when
File size



testadminube

SHA1
SHA203

file open
SHA517




Children
With teowerigaming 2011...
**********52 has been divided for several generations and wants to be safe)

Heyuan products(GB)

File person is small



shall




multiple ungesoard nct
User:file

Upload files using
(security analysis)
5. SIMB

43MB
100,000





4.4 System management
Users can view and monitor the real-time data and status of the backend server through the "System Management" toolbar, including server memory usage,
configuration capacity, number of nodes, number of cores, IP addresses, etc. Through system management, customers can promptly discover whether the server is working
abnormally or have insufficient memory problems, so that they can respond early.




Thickness

Integrated data platform


IP certificate
192.168.8.107:40846 ●True



◆Each chapter: 18.55TB
114.58TB

•10,000-piece set 96.04TB)
Capacity usage
Commercial strength and manufacturing process
Number of cores 224
Insider Small 644.60 GB


end




(System Management)
32(one)
593GB (0.0GB)
32^(pieces)
(4)
32 (110 pieces per price
0320B (four pieces 0.0GB)
932130) cattle0.0GD)

I passed the argument this week, here is the boss’s signature







Energy Production and Six Industry Strategy Department
Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China

Ministry of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
people

Social Security |
national anti-crime directorate
State Administration of Taxation and Customs
sister research institute chathamhouse
British Institute for International Strategic StudiesITsSs
Center for Foreign Policy Studies
Center for Defense and International Security Studies
RAND Institute Europe
Haiyi Group (Hakrut)
Human Rights Watch



















bz.zip
PT

Book

The Great Wall is ten thousand miles long

|Article 6 Meeting Division|



Sample example

Current problems
1
After the data is bundled, the overall content will only be saved as follows. "Most messy data are difficult to integrate, and the recognition after integration is low.

Ticket number
payment method
Cash/credit card, etc.
Bike information
Name/date of birth/ID number, etc.
Contact information:
telephone number
email address



The data of this "II ID" will be lost. Because it is impossible to analyze the specific number represented by this field.
The meaning of . It cannot be subdivided. However, the following fields will be integrated into one line, and the recognition is low -

3. All fields are merged, making it difficult to understand.

Yellow mark in the picture
AP-3-5
AL





The data after segment integration is

0a0 - SHU (INTEINET TOLRISD



aa



where 8 is the separator

The technicians suggest that if only the following characters are needed, the data prison can be carried out. Chi Ze. It is not recommended to combine data. After the data is combined, the differences in the data will be relatively small.
Low, content tight -

Ticket number
How to pay good fortune
Cash/credit card, etc.
Passenger information
Name/date of birth/ID number, etc.
Contact information:

|Shanghai Headquarters/APT Defense and Research Laboratory
Address: Room 1002, Qiangqiang Building, No. 1318 Qixin Road, Minhang District, Shanghai
|Sichuan Branch/Chengdu Product R&D Center
Address: Building B, Cuifeng International, No. 366 Baicao Road, High-tech West District, Chengdu City, Sichuan Province


Product number
product name
Public safety
Anxun information product quotation list
Product introduction
Version
"Valid until December 31, 2022"
Product parameters/functions
Unit unit price (yuan)
Remark
hardware equipment
|Intelligent hardware terminal is responsible for the security of underlying links and data transmission,
and realizes the push of data from each module.
Year
Intelligence material module
If requested, original materials or clues found after preliminary analysis and filtering can
be provided.
Year
Deep intelligence module
Hot Express
Finished product report. The work interface of think tank resources allows users to subscribe to strategic
intelligence on demand, including basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, character intelligence,
|Push clues to important events at home and abroad, including international relations, political economy,
social and people's livelihood, etc.
Year
Year
|Xunzong Security Intelligent Platform product form is intelligent
It can be provided in the
form of hardware terminal + SaaS platform module. Intelligent
hardware terminals solve underlying link security and data
Think tank tracking

Xunzong Security Intelligent Platform
(Hardware + Function Module)
Transport security to multiple individuals via SaaS platform
|The same module solves the differentiated needs of application scenarios. Through
dynamic combination and matching, combined with many years of deep
cultivation of AI big data algorithms, it can be used for commercial purposes.
| Households and public safety users provide products that
meet the development needs of the future era.
Tianjixing
Tianjiyan
Special focus
Tianji.com
A kind of information specially collected and produced for a specific object
Collection, this object can be a specific person or thing
Wubei can have a range of youtiao or teacher city. In the platform (social
media), the big data system can clear, identify, and correlate the data, and
analyze and intelligently extract relevant data content.
Year
Year
Year
Year
Year
Track research reports released by global think tanks to help users focus on the world
pattern and gain insight into future trends.
(Mobile communications) big data system cleans, identifies, and correlates data,
and analyzes and intelligently extracts relevant data content.
The (people's livelihood data) big data system cleans, identifies, and correlates data,
and analyzes and intelligently extracts relevant data content.
Open Source Intelligence Toolbox
| Intelligence analyst open source toolbox resource library, including personnel, items,
organization query interfaces, etc. (online interface).
Year
Intelligence analysis workstation
"Virtualization still has a platform. When working in public safety factories, you will encounter different problems.
For files of the same type, these files need to be decoded and separated.
Intelligent intelligence analysis platform
An independent system that can be connected with other modules to realize the processing of original data materials.
| Automatic analysis and screening of materials, and automatic mining of potential intelligence value points.
1. Virtual environment management function
Year
Year
Standard Edition
2. Question management function

Integrated training platform
(According to the standard, there is no distinction between versions and there are fixed indicators.
The guide sets the direction of video learning and the number of scenes
capacity, number of people carrying it)
Integrated combat platform
(According to the standard, there is no distinction between versions and there are fixed indicators.
The integrated exercise and training platform is built around the multi-year
| Practical experience in network attack and defense, a professional training
and integrated platform with the goal of improving the TZ team’s network
attack and defense capabilities, familiarity with tools and equipment, and
accumulation of experience in technical and tactical tactics.
The integrated combat platform is
a dedicated system platform based
on solving actual combat problems.
Professional version
Ultimate version
Standard Edition
set
set
set
set
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support are provided.
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
The guide determines the direction of video learning, the number of scenes, and
the number of people to carry it)

One-stop data platform

Email encryption platform

Twitter Control Forensics Platform
It is a Yuan category and should be used to organize and
implement combat tasks.
The integrated data platform is based on big data technology,
integrates actual combat data and external network resource data,
and uses big data analysis and mining technology to provide
"Intelligent sorting of data to provide work
|
Visual information association, satisfying accuracy |The email
encryption platform is based on years of experience with Google
/Microsoft security mechanism and multiple protocol mailboxes
| Twitter control evidence collection platform is a platform
for countermeasures and monitoring of overseas social platforms.
Ultimate version
Basic version
According to configuration, storage
Enhanced Edition
According to configuration, storage
1. Google email encryption function
Year
set
set
set
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
|Provide two years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.

|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
2. Microsoft email encryption function
1.
Twitter account countermeasure function (control the permissions of the target account to achieve countermeasures
set

|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.

Android remote control management system


iOS remote control management system

Mac remote control management system
| The Android remote control management system meets the requirements
for obtaining permissions and data from the target mobile phone.
The Windows remote control management system is
independently developed based on the current mainstream network
architecture and Windows system environment to realize
remote operation, monitoring and evidence collection of the
Windows system. The system is mainly controlled by generators and
Windows remote control management system
|Jailbreak-free installation for iOS phones
Remote control management system Click through
Pro "Mac remote control management system is
for Apple computer systems to realize file management
1. Obtain device information
Year

2. Data statistics display
Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support are provided.
1. Remote configuration management function
Standard Edition
2. Intranet cascading online function
year
year

Free one-year anti-virus upgrade and technical support.
Custom Edition
The functions are the same as above, but the interface and features are different from above

Free one-year anti-virus upgrade and technical support.

Basic mobile phone information, GPS positioning, mobile phone contacts, environmental recording
Multimedia file management,
¥180,000.00 per year
|
Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.

Linux remote control management system

Automated penetration testing platform

Anonymous anti-tracing wall

Scientific Internet equipment

Network terminal fingerprint probe system

Email analysis and decision-making platform

R&D Test Toolbox

Remote Detection Toolbox
| Remote control management for Linux systems
[Remote control mysterious body software developed and designed by Lier
The automated penetration testing platform is an integrated
Hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods
"Anonymous anti-tracing wall is a sky-routing
Professional grade anonymous communication network anti-tracing product
The device is encrypted through the chain
"Scientific Internet Ideas" is a multi-purpose
Internet access to implement routing for global website access
Alongside the product, the leucorrhea comes from the pool for easy pushing.
|The network fingerprint probe system is a set of virtual
identity information acquisition for illegal network targets
"Email analysis UB Qingce system is based on
Text recognition big data technology research and development design,
Ancient technology rapid identification of massive email data
[Tingyou Test Tool is a tool set integrating R&D and testing
for the work of Mianke Network Special Investigation.
The remote detection tool is a set of tools for remote
detection that can work quickly on the Internet. [The remote
detection toolbox is a tool set for network special detection.
File management, screen management, system information, network activity management,
fast file download, network speed limit, remote Shell command, password memory
File management, screen monitoring, system information, network activity
management, fast file download, network speed limit, remote shell command.
Year

|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
Year
¥250,000.00 | Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.


Year

Automated penetration functions (vulnerability scanning/vulnerability exploitation/privilege acquisition)
"Anonymity service, NATC service, dark web access
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
Year

One-year maintenance upgrades and technical support are provided free of charge.

Scientific Internet access, node selection, Internet service, system settings
1. Provide virtual identity information traceability
Year

One-year maintenance upgrades and technical support are provided free of charge.

2. Provide system information traceability
Set ¥300,000.00
Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support are provided.
3. Served as the net’s final letter self-wine
Quick full-text search, relationship network combing, early warning research and analysis
set

Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support are provided.

Development tools, test management tools, interface testing tools, performance
testing tools, C/S automation tools, white box testing tools, code scanning
|Network checking tools, network mapping tools
¥180,000.00 per unit

tower
|Provide three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
¥180,000.00 | Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.

Security Attack Toolbox

Reverse Analysis Toolbox
Working set attack toolset product. The Kongguaixia
testing tool appears to be network-operable
Working set of toolset products for reverse engineering

| Webshell, encoding and decoding, intranet attack, packet capture and modification,
XSS directory scanning, fingerprint identification, wireless audit, collection, proxy
| Debugging analysis, file analysis, file comparison, kernel debugging, analysis
Auxiliary, PE analysis, Android tools.
tower
tower
¥180,000.00 | Free maintenance, upgrades and technical support for two years.
¥180,000.00 | Three years of free maintenance, upgrades and technical support.
Anti-fraud and anti-internet crimes
|In order to improve the "combat effectiveness" of the team, with
reference to the performance appraisal method, the number of multiple
assessment indicators will be changed from "물" to two
General version
Digital Talent Empowerment Platform
|Includes points rule module, police management module (visualized task evaluation
and ranking rating), and department management module.
set
(The development direction of this product is being adjusted)
The small entry portal, the
eighth dimension, and the key visual display
provide core data for talent selection to achieve "
Criminal Investigation Network Security Special Edition
It includes the empowerment center module, points rule module, police management module,
department management module, and case library.
[Software features include:
set
Prefectural and Municipal Bureau (whether required)

Auxiliary reconnaissance platform
|The auxiliary investigation platform is an assistance platform designed to
provide assistance to district and county police in handling cases. The
platform standardizes investigation technology, streamlines police collaboration,
and automates the crackdown on websites involved in the case.
District and County Edition
Home page overview, case investigation, link management, tool management, reporting [Recruitment
of character management, teaching large screen and hanging code
Home page overview, case investigation, link management, tool management,
reports, personnel management, large data screen
Year
Year
police station
Caiguowanwen, an equal rights SaaS platform, software functions include:
Home page overview, quick case acquisition and quick survey functions, reports and reports, personnel management
Year

Anti-Fraud Promotion Toolbox
|Anti-fraud publicity toolbox is a tool that uses a
portable notebook as a carrier and uses case big
data to target high-incidence network cases.

Tablet terminal version
| The number of built-in scenes is 15, and you can also pay to add one by XX.
set
Self-standing terminal version
The number of built-in scenes is 15, and you can also pay to increase the number of XX scenes.
set
Model predictions push cybercrime trends
within the jurisdiction and precise
propaganda data to terminal grid propagandists.
Smart screen version
The number of built-in scenes is 15, and you can also pay to increase the number of XX scenes.
set
|Blockchain security category

Xunlian Blockchain Forensics Platform
Address monitoring and fund flow analysis of suspected addresses

Fees for technical services

1. Address monitoring 2. Monitoring dynamics 3. Address analysis
|Case clue provision, data analysis, virtual currency tracking
set
case
Total forfeiture amount*2%
AP-023-S
Blockchain case services
Solid forensic services
Forensic analysis, fixed evidence, forensic identification
case
Total forfeiture amount*5%
Virtual currency disposal services
Digital assets are replaced and realized
case
Total cash amount*5%
|Enterprise Security

Xunren red and blue confrontation training platform

Xunqiao honeypot platform
Based on years of accumulated practical experience in network security
penetration, combined with various network investigation units,
Skill requirements for network security talents, autonomy
A set of professional intranet simulation attacks developed
platform. Students can practice based on actual combat scenario 1:
1. In the intranet penetration environment built by
|Real network security confrontation to improve students
|Internet honeypot platform is to imitate the existence in the network
Vulnerable spoofed hosts, easy-to-attack networks
network services, etc., to induce attackers to launch attacks on honeypots.
attack. Make the attacker feel as if they are in a "real world"
Real” enterprise intranet environment, quickly explore
Malicious behavior and quickly send warning data,
At the same time, it is equipped with a complete logging system,
Record and trace each attack behavior
Source, log data summary and visualization processing
Management and display for enterprise network system security
Reinforcement provides safe and reliable reference data
Standard Edition
Distinguish by number of environments
set
Professional version
Distinguish by number of environments
set
Ultimate version
Distinguish by number of environments
set
Standard Edition
Including 1 analysis center
25 trapping honeypots (pieces)
set

A set of hardware equipment honeypot scenario
Professional version
| Trapping honeypots 25 (pieces)
"Including analysis center(s)
The ancient hanging style was built by Zhenwang
Set ¥500,000.00
included in the analysis (not
Ultimate version
| Trapping honeypots 25 (pieces)
Set ¥800,000.00
A set of hardware devices deploying a virtual honeynet scenario
A set of hardware advanced honey net + 5-node honey bait
Honeybait can be expanded to cost 2W per node.
Ancient city Hong Kong style establishment of city security network
Expert analysis service: Sampling and analyzing attack samples
share
¥15,000.00 |Issue analysis report
Expert service
Log audit service: audit logs
share
¥15,000.00 |Mountain tool audit report

Xundun Business Security Platform
(This product is not under development at all)
Set ¥180,000.00 Free maintenance upgrade and technical support for one year.


Windows remote control management system
Product white paper





(2022 V1.0 version)













E two attack FIRE ER can ED
5 and vb
The

















[of

To



















(Screenshot of resource management)







4.5 "Process Management







through the target host











The program ZR, "Windows Remote Control Management System" supports













process, background process,

want



pemt1
Xiangshi









Applications running on standard operating systems

Real-time monitoring and control of Windows processes, etc. Including operations such as view refresh and end.

-superior







1
From ee





Chang




















| sams









EGG
submit

DGag
people

















(Process management screenshot)







8 /13

4.6 “Service Management
The program ZR, "Windows Remote Control Management System" supports various services for the target operating system







through target









machine

Status real-time remote management.













Including operations such as run, pause, stop, delete, etc.

































Each of the ten national annals of Cambodia and the two bureaus of Cambodia entered the axis and passed the common name.













people



(Service management screenshot

4.7 “Registry Management
The computer program ZR, "Windows Remote Control Management System' supports remote management of the operating system registry.





through target











reason. Including checking the registry information of related programs, correcting













Modify, delete, etc. registry information.

































(Screenshot of registry management









9 /13



4.8 CMD console
Through the program ZR of the target host, "Windows Remote Control Management System" supports CMD of the target operating system.



























Command operation.







































(CMD console screenshot







4.9” screen image
Through the program ZR of the target host, the "Windows Remote Control Management System" supports the control of computers with the target operating system.













































































10 /13

4.10 Keylogging
By program ZR on the target host,















keystrokes to record.





"Windows Remote Control

"Management System" supports every key pressed when the target operates the keyboard.











2





4.11 Document access records
By program ZR on the target host,















Record. The obtained document files can be viewed, modified, deleted, etc.



(Keyboard logging















"Windows Remote Control



"Management System" supports the management of files recently accessed by the target.































































(Document access record cutoff



stand





11 /13

4.12 Online logging
through target

















The machine's program ZR, "Windows Remote Control Management System" supports
Record the time in the log.















When the host goes online or offline



















































(Screenshot of online log record)







4.13 Disconnect

"Windows Remote Control Management System" has 3















E automatic disconnection function, after actively disconnecting, the controlled terminal supports
DNS resolution of online domain names or real-time refresh of online IP addresses supports TCP and UDP dual-protocol online.





Together 2nl90547 1ass8i27

WIN-CFALIDCRSNG

171.88.1<3.72 onin

All 20l90s171417556 waNLCFALIDCRBNG 171.88.1.3.72 ff

Full 20l90517141Bt0l WoaNLCCFRLIDCRBNG 171.88.1<3.72 onin
top occurrence

(Screenshot of disconnect function)









4.14 Remote uninstallation

"Windows remote control management system



"It has remote uninstallation function, after remote uninstallation operation is performed on the online device.









The system will download the uninstalled target device information







12 /13

And secaig 9ysem va00g)
ls。 Manager yew Log telp

Computer Usr 加 aceuaae ate Patecal





















4.15 Export reports



"Windows Remote Control Management System" has an export report function, and the system can view it in a list.































, system, language, online protocol, IP information and other comprehensive information

























mark



(Cut from the export report function

























Architecture 5C/S Architecture
ZR method system generator generates exe executable file installation
Compatible system Windows XP/Vista/7/8/8.1/10







computer

13 /13















Windows Server 2003/2008/2012/2016
Online method TCP/VUDP/Internet protocol
Online within 1 minute
Data acquisition support
Log management support
Antivirus anti-kill support
Intranet cascading support









6 Product Deployment
6.1 "Applicable environment
"Windows Remote Control Management System' is used to program ZR on the computers of illegal anti-criminals to achieve control































This is a scenario where criminals conduct criminal evidence collection. After the ZR target PC is successfully accessed, you can directly log in to the backend management through the authorized dongle.











Pick















platform, you can obtain data information from the target PC. To ensure the stable operation of the entire system, "Windows Remote Control Management























The applicable environmental requirements for the controlled terminal of the system are as follows:









Windows XP人Vista/7/8/8.1/10
X86
Controlled client (client Windows Server 2003/2008/2012/2016
端) Windows Vista/7/8/8.1/10
Hshch
Windows Server 2008/2012/2016
Windows XP人Vista/7/8/8.1/10
Console X64/86
Windows Server 2003/2008/2012/2016











6.2 "Deployment method
"Windows Remote Control Management System" adopts C/S architecture for deployment, which is convenient and quick to deploy. The system only needs to provide one set of

14 /13

into a tool

















[Log in to the system backend with the password and account to use
Get target device data information. VPs equipped



Authorize































The VPS server can be equipped with a backend management system to facilitate

After the ZR is successful, the target device information will be online in the background.















44 of line ZR program
as follows:
CPU: dual core
Memory: 4G
VPS server configuration requirements Hard drive: 100G



System: Windows server





Bandwidth: >10Mbps

















research and development, procurement











> "High stability
The entire system is based on the new trend of remote control and combines the current mainstream network architecture and Windows system environment
[cryptographic algorithm is used to encrypt transmission, while ensuring system functions,





















Independent code maintenance, independent encryption certification, independent
This fully ensures that the system has high stability and is not prone to disconnection.

> "Transmission is efficient
Efficient return of standard data, built-in independent download engine, can achieve extreme file transmission, according to the network speed



suitable































The system implements

Files should be transferred, and the file transfer speed can reach up to 800KB/S under 2M network broadband.



959% of antivirus software





















































> “Strong anti-toxicity
The system adopts the industry's unique breakthrough anti-virus active defense technology, which has strong anti-virus capabilities and can avoid market re-emergence.
Check and kill, such as domestic 360, Kingsoft Anti-Virus, Tencent Computer Manager; foreign mainstream anti-virus software such as Kaspersky, Symantec, McCafé, etc.
And based on the dual technology of memory multi-deformation production and file polymorphism production, it can effectively avoid dynamic scanning of memory and static scanning of files.
protection mechanism.
15 /13

> "Highly concealed















The system supports self-starting and self-deletion of the controlled program after installation, and supports automatic deletion of installation files after the related programs are successfully installed.



























software to eliminate the possibility of being discovered by the target.







> "Simple and easy to use





The entire system is widely used and supports mainstream X86/X64 Windows operating systems (including the latest Win10 system).























The system interface is simple. Users can call the corresponding functions according to their own needs. The operation is simple and very easy to get started.



























16 /13



4.9

4.10

4.11

4.12

































5

6



















4.13. Disconnect and connect. 12
4.14 Remote uninstall.eesnnsnsnnnnnnnnnnnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsssnnnnnennsns 12
4.15 report
Product Parameters…
Partabe red .esesssnnnnsnsnnnnsnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsnnnnnnsnsennan 14
6.1. Applicable environment.es 14
6.2. Deployment methods and 14

1 Introduction





With the rapid development of network science and technology,























9 popularization. The arrival of the Internet era has given people







It has brought about huge changes in our lives. However, people are enjoying the development of network technology















Provides a more convenient criminal environment and







While bringing benefits, it also provides criminals with









. Using computers as communication carriers from





As activities increase, they tend to











Bring immeasurable seriousness to people and society









economic losses, even threatening







History >
Egg home is safe. Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee,















Meng Jianzhu, Secretary of the Central Political and Legal Affairs Commission, once pointed out: In the future, most crimes may rely on

















network implementation. Therefore, attacking the profit





Stability is of great significance.









organization, for the benefit of the people, the development of society and the country





Computers as vehicles for committing crimes





















































According to statistics, in 2018
Windows operating system. Related
So the search for "Windows remote control management system"

The number of Internet users has reached 772 million, and 95% of Internet users using computers to access the Internet use











The door is undergoing network ZC.

















However, in the face of Windows system attack and evidence collection,

















operating system-based cybercriminals

2 "Needs Analysis

To ensure the construction of "Windows remote control management system"
Provide a full range of technical and tactical support during the war, so that

























The trend is, at the same time, against cracking down on Windows-based



target, and can be implemented in later network













It has practical value and practical significance,

















The overall construction includes killing functions, comprehensive system coverage, and rich functional design.



(1) "Hidden rabbit killing function"

"Windows Remote Control Management System" was used during the ZR forensics process.



The system can encrypt the link when data is transmitted back to avoid leakage; at the same time, it is necessary to

















The construction of the entire system should meet the requirements of hidden items and exemptions















The system should meet the functional requirements of Hidden 9 anti-virus,



















Enough to avoid detection by mainstream anti-virus software at home and abroad











function to avoid detection by criminals and conduct long-term evidence collection.





Full) full coverage of the system





Based on the current situation that there are many types of Windows operating system versions, the entire system should













Covering different categories and different versions





1713

Windows operating system, thus



















(3) "Rich functional design





After completing the





The network environment where the standard Windows system is located provides complete

fetch, remote control,

It meets the needs of ZR and evidence collection on various Windows systems in practical applications.











After marking Windows system ZR, you can





Safe, stable and





Covert forensic requirements, combined with















Good functions should



, able to achieve targeted



Data acquisition for Windows systems















Inside

Network cascading and other functional requirements.



2 7113

3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction



























Due to the rapid development of the Internet and the widespread popularization of Windows operating system computers, criminals use the Internet to carry out illegal activities.
contact, plan and organize various illegal and criminal activities, which has brought huge harm and losses to the people and seriously affected the development of society and the country.

























stability and development, and the "Windows Remote Control Management System" can attack and collect evidence on the target Windows host, which is extremely























It prevents the occurrence of illegal and criminal acts to the greatest extent, ensures the safety of people's personal and property, and maintains the stable development of society and the country.











Independently developed based on mainstream network architecture and Windows system environment to achieve remote operation of Windows systems, JK and































Evidence collection. By placing the control program ZR generated by the generator on the target host and running it, technicians can view the target host information on the control end.



































information, and return the target host data to the ZC personnel according to the instructions of the ZC personnel. Increase relevant business departments to grasp information in advance and provide



























Take relevant defensive measures in advance, and at the same time, conceal and accurately grasp the criminal evidence of criminals, crack down on illegal crimes, and protect the country and people's livelihood.







Life and property safety.

3.2 "Product composition
"Windows remote control management system" is built using C/S structure. The system software includes generator and controller.







































Users use the generator to generate control programs. The controller can manage and use system functions. "Windows Remote Control Management System" product

















The product composition list is mainly as follows:





1. "Windows Remote Control Management System" software: 1 set

2. Product authorization dongle: 1









3. Product manual: 1 copy









3 /13

3.3 "System architecture







Windows remote control management system



controller



























(System architecture diagram











"Windows Remote Control Management System"















It consists of two parts: controller and generator. via generator
Control the program and use relevant means to transfer the program ZR to the target host to achieve long-term concealment of the target host.















net









































Forensic purposes; Controller
Perform resource management, process management, CMD control,

Screen captures, keylogging and other operations, and the obtained target information is encrypted and transmitted back.











































To provide users with an operating platform, they can configure the target host according to their own needs.









































47113

3.4 “Network Architecture







use



Six 3

| User
Windows remote control management system
plus one season road
Avoid this and extract evidence | Data recovery
Target Windows host Luo [一一
one
millet
let









(network architecture doctor



















The platform adopts C/S architecture to meet various scenarios |





Can



















Standard Windows



machine for remote K management and evidence collection operations.











do. When the target host is successfully controlled by the ZR program and comes online













Lu
mine day









You need to access the system through the Internet



On Taiwan, to the target











Windows performs forensic operations. At the same time, the target data returns





transmission link



The security of the process avoids the risk of being eavesdropped.

4 product features



















Unique technology for strong encryption to ensure data return



"Windows Remote Control Management System" is designed to include resource management, process management, service management,











































Meet users’ long-term release and covert forensics of target Windows













Registry management, CMD console, screen stack, keylogging, document access records, online











log recording and other functional items, fully

5 /13































and make friends| ac yx| Bamaeear <
add station country
l Ngn wm bg bl
See Ba Hengji Eee sleepy Ba four him
ma
day. am. arm aog Ra can two two Wang imaal sex. ae aa aa
芭 Tea And Ts
Full [7





(Screenshot of system functions







4.1 "Controlled program generation

After the client and generator of "Windows Remote Control Management System" are successfully deployed, you can use the controlled program generation function to























































To create a control program, the system provides input of the IP and port number parameters corresponding to the target environment and finally generates a control program adapted to the target environment.

















(Screenshot generated by the controlled program









6 /13

4.2 "Remote configuration management

"Windows Remote Control Management System" is targeting

























After success, to adapt



Standard Windows Terminal System ZR successfully and the background device comes online









In response to changes in standard application scenarios, the system provides remote configuration management functions. The system uses remote configuration management functions to













The system can reconfigure the IP and terminal of the currently controlled Windows system.

ET













number ensures the long-term effectiveness and reliability of the system.





aco@n
1
66.After
Do00other
on co

ae

sky



















(Screenshot of remote configuration management interface)
4.3 "Intranet cascading
"Windows Remote Control Management System" is suitable for network environments where internal and external networks are isolated. When the target internal network device cannot be accessed

























When asking about the Internet, you can

Online operations.

Others in the same domain can access

4.4 “Resource Management

















through target





Comprehensive system files

Machine program ZR, get





mark operation permission,

Combined management, browse related files





















Perform cascade installation on the devices on the external network to complete the installation of the target internal network devices.





















Can be remotely operated through the system background to operate on the target







, upload, download, delete, execute,



Naming and other operations.

77/13

Anonymous anti-tracing wall quotation



Serial number Product name Functions and parameters Quantity Remarks



1. Software part



1. Support DHCP, static IP and dial-up Internet access
Three ways;

2. Support restarting or shutting down ANS service and replacing
ANS node.
Can provide two types of anonymous services and Yangxin network
Name link, flexible choice of anonymous Internet access.
"Anonymous anti-piracy can provide users with port mapping services, through 1
"Wall" system | NATC service model user-defined port mapping rules, "anonymous"

Block the IP port in the "anti-tracing wall" device to map to the
On the port of the specified server |P.
1. Support access to private network-specific magic operators,

Taoyun dark web QB information platform,

2Supports accessing public websites through specific browsers
Some dark web resources.

Internet setting module











Anonymous service module







Provides 1 year full
system related software
Free upgrade and update service





























































Pupil access module









2. Hardware part



1. Architecture: ARM
2. Length, width and height 28.2*16.1*4.3(cm)

3. CPU: Dual-core 800MHz
It’s for offering
4. Memory: 512MB DDR3 provides 1 year of storage

2 "Anonymous anti-tracing wall" Rui 1 system-related hardware
.                    adapt
5. 4 10/100M adaptive LAN free maintenance service

6.1 10/100M adaptive WAN



































7. 1 power input
8.4G Internet access: supported
Total price RMB (uppercase): over 120,000 yuan





Note: 1. The above prices include tax, with a tax rate of 139;
2. The product provides free after-sales maintenance service for one year from the date of delivery;
3. The renewal amount for the second year is RMB 1,120,000.































1 7117

Quoter: Shanghai Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.



Quote date: April 25, 2022

2 /17





Order Sichuan Airlines 3U8535 September 15, 2021

08:15                                                  11:40
Chengdu Shuangliu T1 does not use "Urumqi Diwo...,









Russian espionage hacker group attempts to pull communications satellite links to steal data

weixin_33849215 @全

Item Number
Service item name

Digital Talent Empowerment Platform

QB business

Security Services
Cybercrime Case Fighting

service quote
Less than 10 people (including 10 people) 10
10-30 people (including 30 people) 15
30-50 people (including 50 people) 25
More than 50 people 35
Hardware encrypted link + scientific Internet access + fast file transfer of 50,000 between devices
Intelligence material original material (1 area) updated 300,000 times a week
In-depth intelligence finished product report (briefing + comprehensive) updated 300,000 times a week
See "Security Service Quotation"
300,000/item
department
principal
Remark
Knowledge Transformation Center
Zheng Ke
No discount on service
Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center
Shen Yang
Technical service center
Dong Pengliang
Penalty of 8% of funds
| Project number
product line
product name


Anti-cybercrime
Product Pricing
Product introduction
Product parameters/functions
Anti-Fraud Toolbox
12,000/anti-fraud type/year
30,000/anti-fraud type/three years,
about 5 anti-fraud types
The anti-fraud publicity toolbox uses an automatic terminal as a carrier to conduct AI model predictions on high-
incidence network cases in the jurisdiction through case big data, and pushes targeted fraud simulation scenarios,
publicity media, and cybercrime trends to the terminal grid for publicity. Toolbox in worker's hands. Achieve the publicity
effect of diverse forms of publicity content and thousands of people. In terms of publicity effect, it is more efficient
and convenient than traditional paper media, videos and other forms of massive information flooding, making
the audience immersed in the scene and memorable.
It includes two methods: simulated fraud experience scenarios and anti-permission promotional videos to provide users with
the required content; it relies on the push of anti-fraud intelligence cases analyzed by big data models.
300,000/year
800,000/three years
Auxiliary disaster publicity platform (case analysis sub-platform)

Shooting range construction
Tao Ren Red and Blue Confrontation Training Platform
400,000/learning platform/year
500,000/practice platform/year
25 times in three years

Individual tool box
Individual tool box
500,000/three years
Anonymous anti-tracing wall
150,000/year
400,000/three years
Anonymous moisture barrier

Anonymous anti-tracing wall management backend
GFP scientific Internet box
GFP science online
20,000/year
50,000/three years

GFP Scientific Internet Box Management Backend
250,000/year
600,000/three years

Security terminal box
Security terminal box
A set of auxiliary investigation platforms specially provided for front-line case investigators, providing information
detection of suspicious targets, information collection, automatic asset association, vulnerability scanning,
vulnerability exploitation, evidence fixation and other functions. It simplifies the case-handling difficulty for
front-line personnel. You only need to enter a URL or upload an APK to provide automated APK behavior analysis,
extraction of relevant domain names, and automatic association of related assets to obtain fingerprint information,
port information, and CMS of all assets. version, WAF information, etc.; it also scans for possible
vulnerabilities, provides intuitive graphical asset analysis, automatically marks the location where breakthroughs can be
made, and those with POC can obtain SHELL with one click, and provides the export function of relevant data and reports.
The "Taogang Red and Blue Countermeasures Training Platform" is a set of tools specifically designed to provide practical training for network security technicians.
It is a platform for combat drills that can support four types of capture the flag, attack and defense, capability verification, and emergency response.
Drill mode, there is no upper limit on the number of actual combat personnel, and it has real network security combat
Scenarios and actual combat scenarios are simulated and built according to the 1:1 real environment to meet the needs of various
Practical training needs of network security user units. Support automatic adjustment of the shooting range environment according to needs
Mainly managed and self-defined, you can also import various shooting range training environments with one click, and have control over the field.
Environmental management autonomy. Be able to comprehensively review the results of each actual combat training and actual combat exercise
Comprehensive analysis and display to facilitate understanding of team dynamics during the game, and comprehensive analysis after the game to facilitate
Then conduct a cognitive analysis of the team's overall technical strength. In order to facilitate the management of personnel and teams
Management, the platform has set up a personnel management center, and the real-time large screen of the competition can be customized to provide
Provides intelligent platform operation and maintenance, and can customize the platform according to the level of actual combat personnel
The test questions are assembled to achieve hierarchical training of multi-level personnel.
A server cluster deployed on the public network is used for access operations through a browser.
1. Support title catalog entry
2. Support question creation test papers
3. Support starting competitions
4. Support customized competition rules
5. Support custom strategies
6. Support theme addition
7. Support independent question setting
8. Support network creation
9. Supports converting questions into images (qcow2 format)
10. Support competition personnel and competition team management
"Individual Soldier Toolbox" is a special product for users' network reconnaissance work. The toolbox has built-in
A large number of commonly used tools, including brute force cracking, code auditing, encoding and decoding, and LAN attacks, are used to attack targets, steal passwords, and contain multiple pure and backdoor-free security tools to detect attacks.
Attack, XSS tools, comprehensive scanning, data management, remote control and other professional software tool sets
, which can quickly conduct network reconnaissance on targets.
"Anonymous Moisture Wall" is a professional-grade anonymous communication network anti-tracing product that is similar to traps.
The device uses strong link encryption, multi-node jumps and random changes in exits to hide its use.
Real IP address, physical address, parent content and other sensitive information can be used to surf the Internet anonymously.
It can prevent sensitive information from being discovered and tracked, and eliminate security risks.
tool
Anonymous service, NATC service, network access
"Scientific Internet Box-
|Desktop version" is a routing device that enables global website access. The product comes with wireless capabilities
Wired function, powerful performance, support WIFI6, users can adjust the settings according to different network environments
Select multiple connection methods such as wired network and wireless network, and log in to the web setting interface
After the settings are completed, the function of scientific Internet access can be realized.
Intelligence materials: the need to obtain all kinds of original intelligence materials and deliver them safely and effectively
Deep intelligence: The work interface of think tank resources, users can subscribe to strategic intelligence on demand, including
Basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, personal intelligence, economic intelligence, social intelligence, geographical information
Legal intelligence, reform intelligence and other related in-depth intelligence.
File Express: Users can transfer various file data point-to-point through secure encrypted links.
It has the function of safe file destruction.
Hot spot express: push clues about important events at home and abroad, including international relations, politics and economy
, society and people's livelihood, etc.
Topic Focus: A collection of information specially collected and produced for a specific object.
Set, this object can be a specific person or thing, or it can be a
an abstract scope or field. Generally reflected in the platform as public safety user concerns
Different working directions, such as: Hong Kong and Taiwan direction, Indo-Pacific region, US-related direction, European direction
meat.
Global think tanks: Track research reports released by global think tanks to help users focus on the world
industry landscape and gain insights into future trends.
Scientific Internet access, node selection, Internet service, system settings
1. Support wireless Internet function
2. Support wired Internet access function
3. Support access to global Internet functions
4. Support optional FQ
5. Support more than 100 high-performance nodes around the world
Software functions: The standard version of the platform software is fully functional.
1. Automated penetration function (vulnerability scanning/vulnerability exploitation/privilege acquisition)
1.6 million/year
3.5 million/three years

Automated penetration
Automatic penetration platform
A variety of testing methods built into the platform attack the real production environment, enabling information
detection, vulnerability verification, vulnerability exploitation, penetration attacks and report generation on the tested
network and equipment, improving the efficiency, convenience, completeness and accuracy of penetration
testing. . The automated penetration testing platform is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates
and penetration testing methods to support automated penetration testing of various network devices and hosts. pass
2. APT attack function (email phishing/browser attack/file vulnerability attack)

WEB attack function (SQL injection vulnerability, file upload vulnerability, remote code execution vulnerability or
remote command execution vulnerability, etc.)
External procurement

Other penetration functions (payload generator/brute force cracking/credential reuse/replay attack/springboard
attack)

Windows remote control management system
Windows remote control management system
800,000/year
2 million/three years
| Windows remote control management system is based on current mainstream network architecture and Windows system
The environment is independently developed to realize remote operation, monitoring and evidence collection of
Windows systems. The system is mainly composed of a generator and a controller. By inputting the program value generated
by the generator into the target host and running it, the investigators can see the online information of the target
host on the controller side, and according to the instructions of the investigators, the target The host's data is returned
to investigators.
5. Report generation function Remote
configuration management function
1.
2. Intranet cascading online function
3. Port mapping function 4.
Resource management function
5. Process management function
6. Service management function
7. CMD console function
8. Screenshot function
9. Keyboard logging function
10. Document access logging function
11. Launch log function
12. Export online machine owner information function
13. Disconnect function
14. Remote uninstallation
External procurement
| Project number
product line





Tianji QB big data platform




Module introduction
Kazakhstan (Kcell) Query Platform
Facebook Query Platform
Telegram data query platform
beeline data query platform
Telecom data query platform
TW population data query platform
Hong Kong (HKCSL) Inquiry Platform
Taiwan Waterworks WPT Inquiry Platform
taiwan courier
Pricing
2 million/year,
renewal fee is 1 million/year
Product introduction
The Tianji data query platform is designed to help users quickly find targets. Monthly users pass
IN
Shield provides secure and private access to the data cloud, providing users with safe and efficient data information
query services. Users log in to the platform and type the target’s name and phone number in the search box.
information such as phone
number or social media ID, etc., the system can quickly and quickly locate the target in the library. At the same time, the system
The detailed identity information of the target after database expansion will be displayed.
Comprehensive query of all data, positioned as work assistance, standardized product route
Product parameters/functions
"Tianji
Data Platform uses different business data lines as product
"The basis for product line division. According to different data product lines, the types
of data that can be queried are different. The product lines are mainly divided into
The next three
categories: 1. Tianji.com data query platform: supports checking user items
Target network social media information;
2. Tianjixing data query platform: mainly supports querying mobile
communication type data;
3. Tianjiyan data query platform: mainly provides people’s livelihood categories
Item Number
product line
project name



Product introduction
product quotation
Product parameters/functions
Twitter public opinion guidance and control
| The Twitter Control Forensics Platform is a product that integrates countermeasures and monitoring
of overseas social platforms. It uses exclusive non-sensory forensics technology and big data
| "intelligent crawler technology" to realize countermeasures and monitoring of Twitter accounts.
700,000/year
1.5 million/three years
The first version has been completed. It is currently under maintenance and there is no upgrade plan.
Currently only forensics and surveillance are available
Network traceability and evidence collection system
evidence collection
Email encryption platform
|Provide network information traceability and forensics web pages. After the target accesses the
forensics webpage, it can trace and collect the target network information and obtain the target's
real public network IP and intranet IP information; it can also perform survival detection on
the target to achieve |gateway scanning; it can also Scan the target gateway port to obtain the open
information of the target port.
The email secret extraction platform is developed and designed based on years of research on Google/
Microsoft security mechanisms and active email collection technologies for multiple protocol
mailboxes. It can achieve long-term and covert acquisition of target email data intelligence, grasp evidence
of the target's illegal crimes, and then To achieve the purpose of preventing and combating crime.
900,000/set
900,000/year
2.4 million/three years
Completed the first version, the current account (Sina Weibo, Baidu) acquisition failed (the
vulnerability has been fixed); the intranet IP acquisition failed (chrome has closed the
default interface)
The first version has been completed and is currently under maintenance. There is no
level planning. This version integrates outlook link forensics and gmail exe forensics.
Because gmail link forensics will cause risk prompts, exc forensics is used. exc ​​forensics
Principle: Automatic authorization by controlling the browser to access gmail
authorization. Because the chrome upgrade cannot use the browser headless mode, in order
|To prevent target discovery, you can only automatically drag and drop the browser to hide it, but it is still
possible to find it.
1. Virtual environment management function
2. Question management function

Integrated training platform
The integrated exercise and training platform is a professional integrated exercise and training platform based on years of
practical experience in network attack and defense, with the goal of improving the TZ team's network attack and defense
capabilities, familiarity with tools and equipment, and accumulation of experience in technical and tactical tactics.
3. Test paper management function
800,000/set
4. Competition management function
5. Team management function
6. Team management function
7. Large screen display function

Integration
Integrated combat platform

Integrated data platform
"The integrated combat platform is a dedicated platform based on solving actual combat problems.
System platform, under the entire business system, belongs to the category of combat units
, mainly used to organize and implement combat tasks.
The integrated data platform integrates actual data and external data based on big data technology.
[Network resource data, using big data analysis and mining technology to improve data
|Intelligent sorting, providing visual information disconnection for work and satisfying accuracy
| intelligence discovery and intelligent decision support, while providing multi-source data
"Efficient processing of data information to solve the sorting, warehousing and classification of messy data
"We will provide more efficient and accurate technical support services to solve business problems, and improve
Improve work efficiency and reduce work costs.
600,000/set
Can be upgraded to add combat nodes, weapons arsenal, hardware, storage and other resources
1.2 million/set
data volume, storage

Email analysis system
Email analysis system
"Email Analysis QB Decision System" is developed based on text recognition big data technology
Design·Support rapid identification and analysis of massive email data and extract key points
QB information such as characters, sensitive words, person relationships, contact information, etc.
3 million/set
Quick full-text search, relationship network combing, early warning research and analysis
|The Eagle Anti-Gambling Platform is designed for the law enforcement departments of public security
agencies, with the goal of combating online gambling crimes. Provides mining, analysis, and judgment of online
gambling data to provide technical support for law enforcement departments to carry out in-depth investigation
of online gambling crimes and achieve an overall crackdown and precise annihilation of online gambling
organizations.

Anti-gambling platform
Anti-gambling platform (front-end and back-end)
1.6 million/year
data mining, data retrieval, data analysis
| British diplomacy is booked by other bureaus

| Get another one

Don't mess with me
First come, first served, right?

@ Canceled Click to redial
|In Jizhuo

| I’ll call you later



Automated penetration testing platform
Product white paper
(V1.0 version in 2022)
3.3 Network architecture
presentation layer
user
user
ask
Functional layer
Web UI
Control and Management Module
Information collection module
response
user
Vulnerability analysis module

Penetration attack module

Report import and generation
Pi
ask
response
data layer
database
(Network architecture diagram)
In order to meet the needs of users for remote use, the "automated penetration testing platform" adopts the currently popular three-layer B/S mode architecture.
The presentation layer runs on the client and consists of dynamic Web pages and Web browsers, which is the interface of the system. The human-computer
interface part handles the interaction with the user, including user login, setting policies, and executing penetration. Operations such as testing and querying reports. In
order to improve the security of the system, the HTTPS protocol is used to communicate with the server.
The functional layer runs on the server. It encapsulates the business logic module of the network security assessment system, including the control and management module,
information collection module, vulnerability analysis module, penetration attack module, and report generation module. It is the main body of the assessment system and is responsible for
responding. Web client requests.
The data layer is located at the bottom of the system framework, including database platform, database software and system data. It is responsible for
storing and managing data, processing and realizing data requests from the functional layer. The three-tier system structure of B/S can easily manage and maintain
data, and separate data and applications, which not only achieves system stability, but also improves system scalability, thereby improving system integrity.
able.
4 product features
Build an "automated penetration testing platform" based on professional penetration processes to implement active attacks on networks or devices, provide basic
functions such as detecting security vulnerabilities in the system, and test the impact of new attack technologies, fully satisfying users' needs for security detection and evaluation
work. need.
4.1 Automated penetration testing
The construction of the automated penetration function is mainly to discover the target's open ports and services through a series of processes such as vulnerability scanning, vulnerability
exploitation, and permission acquisition on the target. Based on the detected information, the system exploits the vulnerability to further obtain the target permissions. The specific
content is as follows:
> Vulnerability Scan
The vulnerability scanning module includes two different modes: quick scanning of vulnerabilities and detailed scanning of vulnerabilities. Quick scanning
of vulnerabilities mainly targets various targets such as Windows hosts, Linux hosts, Web sites, network devices, etc., to conduct quick scan tests to determine the host
online status and port openings. , operating system version and other information, and generate a report based on the results.
Detailed vulnerability scanning is based on tens of thousands of built-in detection templates and vulnerabilities, and uses functions such as Web vulnerability scanning, operating
system vulnerability scanning, weak password detection, etc. to proactively analyze all weaknesses, technical flaws or vulnerabilities of the system under test, and generate a
report on the results. Including: host information, vulnerability assessment, vulnerability details, vulnerability exploitation, service list, port information, database information, file directory
information, scanning history, etc. As shown below:
Quick Start Wizard Home>Projects
quick test
Project list
API testing
| Return to Project Project Setup New Project
Web application testing
name
Even
new time
Hole verification

Quick Test
Set target network information, perform security tests, and generate a test report!
15 days ago
Quick import


load generator
|Goal settings
target type
21 days ago
about an hour ago

10 days ago
New Project
Configure scanning
10 days ago
2132132esd
14 days ago
Project list
manage

*Vulnerability verification
14 days ago
test222
all

* Generate reports
Windows Linux Hosting Web Site Network Equipment
Host
14 days ago
14 days ago

14 days ago
10 16 items in total from 1 to 10
Item name
latest events
time
user event





Destination address 23.107.1.1-254
No camp report
#Limit network range
advanced.
no alert
Get the source and open it for scanning
(Vulnerability scanning interface)
Search items
describe


> Exploit
Vulnerability exploitation is based on the vulnerability scanning results, custom-selecting vulnerability exploitation modules with different risks, and executing penetration of the target vulnerability.
attack. At the same time, the platform supports the import of scanning results and vulnerability verification from a variety of third-party security scanning tools, automatically identifying and importing reports.
In the system, choose to conduct penetration verification on the imported host and corresponding vulnerabilities. After confirming that the vulnerabilities are real, you can attack. Support includes: Green Alliance Extreme
Light, Venus Sky Mirror, AppScan, NeXpose, Acunetix, Core Impact, Nessus, NetSparker,
Nmap et al. As shown below:
Vulnerability verification
Changzi can be closely integrated with the Changyu vulnerability management system and remotely call the Changzhi vulnerability management system to scan data for verification.
New Project*
Module risk level 172

Spear vulnerability management system configuration
Preflight
■Only display verification]
Label
evidence

■Collect evidence
Vulnerability verification
session
Clean session when finished
Generate report
exclude address
Load type

but doesn't run

Connection Type


listening port

Listening host
After starting the port configuration module
Verify concurrency

Timeout (minutes)


Transport layer camouflage
none?
Application layer installation
Contains ports
exclude port
none?

(Exploit interface)
> Permission acquisition
After the vulnerability is successfully exploited, the system supports selecting a series of execution codes and execution codes written according to the vulnerability exploitation method based on the penetration results.
Script program to achieve the acquisition of target permissions.
4.2 WEB application testing
Integrated web scanning, testing, and auditing functions can easily scan and audit web applications, and support the detection and verification of
vulnerabilities such as SQL injection, XSS, upload vulnerabilities, and command execution.
The platform supports crawling the specified range of web pages for the input URL, and using the Web test module to test the pages, including:
automatic testing of the latest top ten Web security vulnerabilities listed by OWASP, misconfiguration of the Web server, and cross-site scripting attack
vulnerabilities. , local file inclusion and remote file inclusion, SQL injection vulnerability, file upload vulnerability, remote code execution vulnerability or remote command
execution and other vulnerabilities.
Tu page web for owasp
Weo Yingwu
Vulnerability (192.168.23.131:80)
WeScan
Wet Audit Web Exploits Will Be Deleted
Category Name

high



■High CMDI
LFI



High LFI

path








THAT






Display 10 from 1 to 10, a total of 28 data
■Low
Low
Low XSS

search
method parameters
prove

Accuracy
















sowd open pro rootx:0:0:...
color: #000000"> rootx:0:0...



4.3 Intelligent vulnerability verification
(Web application testing)
The "automated penetration testing platform" has powerful vulnerability verification and matching functions, is fully compatible with third-party security scanning tools, and
And relevant tools can be directly called through the platform for vulnerability scanning and verification, and the system can convert the results of vulnerability scanning and verification
Import to provide more vulnerability exploitation data for the platform and more vulnerability combinations for related penetration work to achieve
Rapid penetration of targets.
The "automated penetration testing platform" supports the import of scanning results and vulnerability verification from a variety of third-party security scanning tools. Such as Green Alliance Aurora,
Venus Sky Mirror, Acunetix, Amap, AppScan, Burp, Core Impact, Foundstone, Microsft MBSA,

4.4 Mobile terminal penetration
Currently, mobile terminals are becoming more and more popular. In order to meet more user penetration scenarios and penetration needs, the system has collected
and organized vulnerability exploitation modules for Android and iOS systems. Users can integrate Android and iOS through the "automated penetration testing
platform" The system's vulnerability exploitation module can carry out penetration work on mobile terminals in real time, and the platform supports online generation
of remote control programs for the Android system.
4.5 Social engineering attacks
The "automated penetration testing platform" integrates a social engineering module to conduct security awareness tests on corporate employees. For example, various
combination tests of simulated phishing, browser vulnerabilities, Office vulnerabilities, etc.
The social engineering module is mainly used to assist users in quickly establishing social engineering projects. By inducing the target to share sensitive information
or execute certain dangerous codes, it ultimately achieves the purpose of invading the target system and obtaining target information. Penetration personnel perform social
engineering tests to assess whether members of an organization adhere to safe operating practices. Social engineering attack projects can enable the target to check emails, open links
and other operations, analyze the progress of the attack, and collect statistical attack data.
Social engineering capabilities assist in completing operations in social engineering attacks. The system divides social engineering functions into three
components: email, web pages, and portable files. The combination of the three components assists in completing the following types of attacks:
Create email content
Rich text plain text preview
THIS




Subject: Email password reset
Hi Mr. Xu. In
order to strengthen our email system, the password validity period of all users is set to three months. Please inform colleagues to change the password of the mail system regularly.
base wood
content
Template does not have
The email system password change page is now sent to you. You can click on the link below to modify it.

Thank you, if you have any questions, please contact me

IT department manager
(phishing email)
Fishing results 12
Accepting port:192.168.23.1









Sprymecis DataTablax_workspace tabl, =%7B%22:Creste%22%3A14804.4:280742-22iStart%22%3AC%20%22iEr.22*34462C%22




User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows BT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko)
Charone/52 0.2743.82 Safari/537.36
Form data collected


(fishing successful)
email phishing
The platform supports specifying email sending servers, using Web page components to clone and forge Web sites, establishing email content
templates for the forged sites, inducing targets to submit sensitive information on the forged Web sites, and ultimately achieving the purpose of collecting
target sensitive information for further attacks. .
components
Click on a component to open its configuration page
Server settings
Click on the server to open its configuration page
Name email phishing attack
●Fishing customization
e-mail
log in page
E-mail server Web server
Cancel save
(Phishing email configuration interface)
> Browser/file vulnerability attacks
The platform supports the establishment of a site that automatically detects browsers and exploits vulnerabilities through Web page components. The target is induced to browse
Browse the specified site, and after the browser vulnerability is successfully exploited, a connection session is automatically established.
The platform supports file vulnerabilities such as Office, PDF, pictures, etc., and generates files with attack payloads. Trick the target into opening or browsing the text
The software automatically establishes a connection session after the vulnerability is successfully exploited.
components
Click on a component to open its configuration page
Name file attack
●Fishing customization
Add emails,
web pages,
portable files

a
Web page
e-mail
Server settings
Portable files
Cancel save
4.6 Credential verification
(Browser/file attack configuration interface)
"Automated penetration testing platform" supports credential verification function. Users can use the account password, Key, Hash, etc. that
have been collected from evidence to verify other hosts through the platform, which can assess the impact of leaked security information.
Home > 2132132esd>Certificate Management
Credential reuse
Select the target to be tested
Target
certificate
review
Add target to this list
run
selected target(1)
Host

operating system
Serve
port
protocol
information














BUS/1.1
BUS/1.1
Display 20 from 1 to 2, a total of 2 data
(Credential verification)
Next step
4.7 Weak password scanning
The "automated penetration testing platform" integrates the violent PJ module and supports AFP, DB2, FTP, HTTP, HTTPS, MSSQL,
MySQL, POP3, PostgreSQL, SMB, SNMP, SSH, SSH PUBKEY, Telnet, VNC, WinRM and other protocols; it can be based on The
scan results of the host automatically select the protocol and support user-defined dictionaries.
Brute force cracking
Brute force cracking will use a dictionary to try semi-authentication on the target host service. Select the host and service you want to brute force crack.
Target
0 targets selected
Select host:
●All hosts
Enter target host
target address:

Exclude addresses:
certificate
Options
0+ possible combinations
Vouchers in Wood Project
overall timeout

The system default character is Zhenyang
Oda minutes and seconds
Service timeout

Add/Import subtitles
seconds
normal(0)
System default dictionary selected
time limit between
attempts
Voucher (up to 100T
Separate pairs of credentials using an empty Jardine character and a newline character.
■Use variations
For example:
Username Password
Username Password 1 Password 2
|Username Password Domain
wide name Password 1 Password 2
Select service:
All services
Import credentials from file:
|No file selected

DE2





POP3



Use <BLANK> as blind copy
■Use username as password



(violent PJ)
Stop cracking after successfully testing a target
Create session if possible
4.8 Load Generator
Classic payload: The platform supports generating a variety of attack payloads for penetration testing. The generated payload
supports various operating systems and commonly used web server-side languages, including: Linux, Unix, AIX, BSD, R, Windows,
OSX, Netware, iOS, Android, Firefox, Java, Python, Ruby, NodeJS, etc.
Measurement.
Dynamic payload: The system supports the generation of a variety of dynamically encoded attack payloads targeting the Windows platform to evade detection by anti-virus software.
Cutting options
platform
coding
Architecture




BSDİ

Thermal items



















Added malicious code
No file selected
Select a document


Niu Cheng
(Load generation)
4.9 Replay attack
For successful penetration attacks, there is no need to re-carry out complex attack operations after the session established with the target is terminated or disconnected.
You can choose to replay the attack directly, and reinfiltrate and establish a session based on the previous attack parameters.
4.10 Springboard attack
Springboard attacks are mainly for advanced usage scenarios. After successfully penetrating a host, the penetrated host can be used as a springboard
to further attack other networks connected to the host. For example, infiltrate a host through the Internet, and then scan and attack the intranet through
the host, such as sniffing on the intranet.
4.11 Investigation and evidence collection
After the "automated penetration testing platform" successfully penetrates the target host, it can realize the evidence collection function of the controlled host, such as
screenshots of the vulnerable host, configuration files, keylogging, file operations and other comprehensive functions.
Screenshot: intercept the target host system interface and obtain target host desktop information and other data information;
Configuration file: Obtain the target host configuration file and master the target host system and application-related configuration data information, which is beneficial to
Take full control of the target host;
Keyboard logging: It can record the keylogging data performed by the target host operator in real time, and covertly obtain the relevant data information of the
target host, such as account password and other data;
File operations: Comprehensive management operations can be performed on the files of the target host through the "automated penetration testing platform",
such as deleting files, uploading files, downloading files, and viewing files.
4.12 Advanced scheduled tasks
The "automated penetration testing platform" provides periodic task functions to satisfy users' penetration assessment and detection of their own platforms. Users can
develop task plans according to their needs and achieve regular automated penetration and inspection of the target system; and the system supports task chains. A combination of different
tasks can be executed in a customized configuration sequence to conduct comprehensive penetration detection and analysis of the target system.
4.13 Teamwork
The "automated penetration testing platform" provides multi-user roles, divided into administrators, auditors, and ordinary users; permissions can be assigned
by project (projects can limit network scope, etc.). Through multi-user and multi-role system management, it is ensured that the platform can operate scientifically,
stably and effectively.
4.14 Log audit
In order to facilitate users to manage the system in real time and grasp the system usage, the "automated penetration testing platform" provides operation
audit, event audit, user behavior audit, and supports system status JK.
4.15 Report generation
The "automated penetration testing platform" supports the generation of corresponding penetration reports for each penetration work. Report
generation supports HTML/PDF/Word formats and supports customized LOGOs, etc.; report generation supports a variety of templates (audit reports, information
collection reports, Web applications Test reports, social engineering reports), and support automatic sending to designated mailboxes.
Table of contents
1 Introduction

demand analysis


3
Product Introduction

3.1
Product introduction.

3.2
System architecture.

3.3
Network architecture.

4
product features
4.1
Automated penetration testing


4.2
WEB application testing

4.3
Intelligent vulnerability verification

4.4
Mobile terminal penetration.

4.5
Social engineering attacks

4.6 Credential verification.

4.7
Weak password scanning

4.8 Load Generator

4.9
Replay attacks.

4.10 Springboard attack.

4.11 Investigation and evidence collection.

4.12 Advanced scheduled tasks

4.13 Teamwork...
5 product parameters
project
parameter
Standard Edition
Professional version
Quick scan takes time
Average time spent on 1-5 hosts
30 minutes
30 minutes
Default concurrent scan
Default number of hosts scanned simultaneously


Number of vulnerability libraries
100,000+
support
support
Number of vulnerability check items
300,000+
support
support
Maximum concurrent scans
Maximum number of hosts scanned simultaneously


Total number of modules
Including utilization, assistance, post-infiltration and other modules


Number of modules utilized
Only use the number of modules


IP number authorization
Whether to limit the total number of target IPs
unlimited
unlimited
Web interface
Operate via browser interface
support
support
Command line operation
Operation via terminal command line
support
support
Support IPv6
Support IPv6 network scanning
support
support
independent property rights
Code is completely autonomous
support
support
Including operating systems, network equipment, databases, middleware, and systems
Exploit coverage
support
support
Software, etc.
Protocol: AFP, DB2, FTP, HTTP, HTTPS,
MSSQL, MySQL, POP3, Po penetration greSQL,
Password Brushing Support Protocol
support
support


Sub-project management
Support project management of penetration testing targets
support
support
quick guide
Quick guide to common penetration testing operations
support
support
Web audit
Scan and audit web applications
support
support
External report import
Import report results scanned by third-party applications
support
support
Conduct penetration testing and verification of scanned vulnerabilities (reports of mainstream missed scans)
Vulnerability verification
support
support
(such as Green Alliance, Qiming)
Credential reuse
Test other hosts with the credentials found
support
support
evidence collection
Collect evidence of successfully exploited target vulnerabilities
support
support
Post penetration module
Modules available for post-penetration operations
support
support
Automatic post penetration
After successful exploitation, the customized post-penetration module can be automatically executed.
support
support
Session persistence
The session after successful utilization can be persisted
support
support
social engineering attack
Assist social engineering testing to test personnel’s security awareness
support
support
IDS/IPS bypass
Support configuration parameters to attempt to bypass IDS/IPS
support
support
Avoid anti-virus software
Supports a certain degree of anti-kill function when infiltrating
support
support
load generation
Supports generating specifically configured attack payloads
support
support
Agency Springboard
Supports the use of proxy springboards for intranet penetration
support
support
VPN Springboard
Supports the use of VPN springboard for intranet penetration
support
support
replay attack
Supports replay of previously successful attacks
support
support
Generate report
Supports report generation for security testing assessments
support
support
report format

support
support
Number of report templates
Number of different report templates
support
support
Custom reports
Support customizing report content
support
support
Maximum number of supported users
Number of users supported by the web interface


Scheduled Tasks
Support advanced automated scheduled tasks
support
support
Vulnerability assessment support scope
Operating system (Windows, Linux, UNIX, OS, etc.), data
support
support
Database (SQL Server, DB2, Oracle, MySQL, etc.), Web
applications, middleware, network equipment (routing, switching,
firewall, etc.)
Black box vulnerability assessment
Assess vulnerabilities through network remote fingerprinting
support
support
White box vulnerability assessment
Login scan using login credentials
support
support
Built-in more than 8 scanning policy templates for different vulnerability assessment requirements

Scan policy template
support
support
Custom scan strategy
Scan policy templates can be customized and configured
support
support
Prompts vulnerabilities that have publicly exploited methods and provides relevant vulnerability exploits
Exploitable vulnerability information
support
support
source information, etc.
Vulnerability judgment basis
Scanned vulnerabilities can be viewed and judged based on
support
support
In addition to the CVSS standard vulnerability score, based on asset importance, vulnerability
Accurate risk scoring
support
support
Exposure and threat levels provide a more accurate risk score
Virtualization platform scan
Supports scanning of mainstream virtualization platforms such as VMware/KVM, etc.
support
support
Weak password scanning
Supports weak password scanning for common protocols
support
support
baseline scan
CIS, customized baseline scan strategy
support
support
Able to detect Web applications and Web Services applications
based on Javascript, Ajax and Flash (including SOAP 1.2, Json,
WSDL, XML), and detection use cases can cover all OWASP
Enhanced web scanning capabilities
not support
support
Top 10 threats
API interface
Provide API interface for external applications to call
not support
support
6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
"Automated Penetration Testing Platform" is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods to support automated
penetration testing of various network devices and hosts. The platform adopts a variety of deployment methods and can be adapted to users' special tasks of conducting penetration
testing against specific network targets. The system integrates a variety of vulnerability templates and testing methods to fully meet the user's needs for penetration testing, WEB
application testing, vulnerability verification, weak password scanning, mobile terminal penetration, credential verification and other penetration testing attacks on the target network.
6.2 Deployment method
The platform supports multiple ways of deploying applications. Supports installation on portable hardware such as laptops, and also supports deployment to virtualization
platforms. Only basic network connectivity is required for security detection and assessment. The system is generally used as an active test, but also provides a passive
test deployment method for special scenarios. Specific deployment requirements are as follows:
Configuration Environment
Environmental parameters
Active test deployment: The system is able to connect to the target network, either through a proxy or VPN.
Deployment method
Passive test deployment: Apply the dedicated passive test module in the system to connect the system to a
Network port for traffic mirroring, analyze and test the mirrored network traffic.
Recommended dual-core CPU, 4GB running memory, 120G storage or above configuration
Hardware environment
Operating system type: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64-bit
Recommended VMWare ESXi6.5
Recommended VMWare Workstation 11
virtualized environment
VMWare Player 11 or above is recommended

Web environment
Internet access
7 product advantages
> Automation
The entire penetration platform consists of six parts: QB collection, threat modeling, vulnerability analysis, penetration attack utilization, post-penetration testing, and reporting. It
provides automated support for the entire penetration testing process according to different penetration environments.
>Professional vulnerability library
The system has built-in Metasploit commercial-grade professional version vulnerability exploitation platform, which integrates thousands of operating system and application software
vulnerabilities, as well as hundreds of ShellCode, and is constantly updated to fully meet the needs of in-depth vulnerability scanning.
> Flexible custom scanning
It supports customizing the start time of website scanning to avoid website business peaks, or setting periodic scanning tasks according to the needs of the business
online process.
> Rich application scenarios
The platform includes automated penetration testing, web application testing, mobile terminal penetration, social engineering attacks, credential verification, weak
password scanning, payload generation, replay attacks, springboard attacks and other types of attack methods and templates, which can effectively expand user application
scenarios .
> Strong professionalism
The platform supports the generation of professional penetration testing reports. Users can select the best penetration attack methods based on the test reports to implement professional
penetration testing attacks.
4.14 Log audit.
4.15 Report generation.



5
product parameters
6
Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment.
Deployment method.
6.2
7
product advantages



1 Introduction
Catalyzed by frequent security incidents, network information security has risen to a national strategic level. Security testing and evaluation are an essential part
of information security measures. Article 38 of the National Cyber ​​Security Law stipulates that “Operators of critical information infrastructure shall conduct inspections
and assessments of the security and possible risks of their networks at least once a year on their own or by entrusting a network security service agency to do so.” From
the frequent exposure of important security vulnerabilities and related events every year, we can know that only continuous security testing and evaluation can
achieve effective security defense results.
As network security receives more and more attention from people, penetration testing, as a means of most realistically reflecting the security risks
existing in information systems, has attracted more and more attention. Among security detection and evaluation technologies, penetration testing is widely
considered to be the best test of system security because it is closest to real-world attacks. Performing these tests typically requires a significant amount of time
from highly skilled personnel to perform, and ideally the engineers performing these tests need to meet or exceed the skill level of potential attackers.
Therefore, it is necessary to develop such a penetration testing platform that can carry out active attacks on the system, provide basic functions such as detecting security
vulnerabilities in the system, and test the impact of new attack technologies, and simulate attacks through the penetration testing services provided by the penetration testing platform.
Evaluate the security of application systems and equipment.
2 Requirements analysis
Since the existing network penetration testing theory is still in the process of rapid development and change, the corresponding practical technology also relies heavily on the
personal technical level of network security experts. Through the construction of "automated penetration testing platform", on the one hand, it solves the problem that security managers
have limited technical level and cannot master effective penetration testing knowledge in a short time. On the other hand, due to the expensive and high cost of the tools on the market,
it is impossible to truly To meet practical purposes such as simplicity and ease of use for users, the construction of this platform can provide some simple and easy-to-use tools for those
with a certain professional foundation. The construction of the entire platform needs to meet the following requirements:
(1) Detect the security of the target network
Penetration testing, as the main means of network system security testing, can effectively evaluate the target network security problems and possible
risks of. The "automated penetration testing platform" supports penetration testing of the target network according to the actual needs of the user, and obtains the target
Network data information. At the same time, the platform has a large number of built-in attack templates and tools. Through simple configuration, users can conduct penetration attacks on
the target network, detect vulnerabilities and risks in the target, and determine the security of the target network.
(2) Automated vulnerability verification
Vulnerability exploitation is an extremely important part of penetration testing. Accurately determining the exploitability of selected vulnerabilities is the most critical step before
vulnerability exploitation. Single analysis is extremely prone to risky errors. The "automated penetration testing platform" supports the import of missed scan reports from other
manufacturers to verify whether key high-risk vulnerabilities can be exploited, providing convenience for penetration testing and prompting users to discover and repair key critical
vulnerabilities as soon as possible. Security Risk.
(3) Professional penetration testing report
As a summary of the penetration test, the penetration test report determines the final result of the penetration test. The traditional manual penetration test report depends
on the professionalism of the penetration tester, which can easily lead to a situation where the test report is not professional enough. The "automated penetration testing
platform" supports the generation of professional test reports, supports multiple file formats and multiple report templates for use in different scenarios, ensuring that users
can resolve the vulnerabilities of their networks or devices based on the reports.
3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
"Automated Penetration Testing Platform" is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods to support automated
penetration testing of various network devices and hosts. Attack the real production environment through a variety of testing methods built into the platform to realize the test platform. Through information detection,
vulnerability verification, vulnerability exploitation, penetration attacks and report generation of Platform F network and equipment, the efficiency, convenience, completeness
and accuracy of penetration testing are improved.
3.2 System architecture
The construction of the "automated penetration testing platform" is based on the Ruby language and adopts a highly modular design. Generally speaking, it is divided
into 4 parts: basic libraries, modules, interfaces and other third-party integration tools or plug-ins.


interface
Basic library
Command Line
import
Third-party security tools
Framework base library
Web services
Framework core library
Integrated call
Ruby base library
module
Auxiliary
penetration attack
load
Encoder
empty instruction
post penetration
Custom plug-ins
protocol tools
(system architecture diagram)
> Basic library
The basic library is the core part, and other functional modules are coupled together through it. It not only provides interaction with various functional parts, but is
also responsible for project management, session management, log management, etc.
1) Framework base library
The framework base library is responsible for implementing all interactive interfaces with various types of upper-layer modules and plug-ins.
2) Framework core library
The framework core library extends the framework basic library, provides simpler packaging routines, and provides some functional classes that do not handle various
aspects of the framework to support user interfaces and functional programs that call the framework's own functions and framework integration modules.
3) Ruby basic library
The Ruby base library is the most basic components on which the entire framework depends, such as wrapped network sockets, network application
protocol client and server implementation, logging subsystem, penetration attack support routines, Po penetration greSQL and MySQL database support
wait.
> Module
The module part is the part closely related to vulnerabilities and vulnerabilities in security detection, and is loaded and used by the framework. According to the penetration testing process
The different uses in each link are divided into auxiliary modules, penetration attack modules, post-penetration attack modules, payload modules, null command
modules, encoder modules, etc. These modules have a very clear structure and a predefined interface, can be loaded into the detection system framework, and
can be combined to support penetration testing tasks such as information collection, penetration attacks, and post-penetration attack expansion.
1) Auxiliary module
It provides a large number of auxiliary module support in the penetration information collection process, including scanning and enumeration of various network services, building
fake services to collect login passwords, password guessing and other modules. In addition, the auxiliary module also includes some penetration attacks that do not require loading
of attack payloads and often do not obtain remote control of the target system. The entire information collection is mainly divided into the following three steps:
(1) Verify whether the system is running: Determine whether the target system has been turned on and whether it can communicate with our computer.
communicate or interact with each other. Log all active computers that responded.
(2) Scan system ports: Used to identify which ports are opened and which services are running on a specific host. When scanning a
single port of the system, keep records and save the output results of all tools.
(3) Scan the system for vulnerabilities: Vulnerability scanning is a process of identifying known vulnerabilities in services and software
running on the target computer.
Commonly used tools and methods are as follows:
Ping: Ping is a specific type of network packet, called an ICMP packet. In addition to telling us that a certain host is active
and receiving traffic, the ping packet also provides other valuable information, including the round-trip time of the packet. .
Port scanning: The purpose of port scanning is to identify which ports are open on our target system and determine which
services are started.
ACK scanning: The scanning host sends ACK packets to the target host. Obtain the port information based on the returned RST packet. If
the TTL value of the returned RST packet is less than or equal to 64, the port is open, otherwise the port is closed.
FIN scan: In FIN scan, after a data packet with the FIN bit set is sent, if the target host responds with an RST packet, it means the port
is closed, and if there is no response, it means it is open.
Connect() scan: This scan attempts to perform "three-way handshake" communication with each TCP port. If it can be successfully established
If connected, it proves that the port is open, otherwise it is closed.
SYN scanning: The scanner sends a SYN packet requesting a connection to a port of the target host. After receiving the SYN/ACK, the scanner
does not send an ACK response but sends an RST packet requesting a disconnection. In this way, the three-way handshake is not completed and a
normal TCP connection cannot be established. SYN only needs to send the initial SYN packet to the target host. If the port is open, it will respond with a
SYN-ACK packet; if it is closed, it will respond with an RST packet;
NULL scan: The principle is to send a data packet without any flag bit set to the TCP port. In normal communication, at least one
flag bit must be set. According to the requirements of FRC793, when the port is closed, if a packet is received without any flag bit set, flag
bit in the data field, then the host should discard this segment and send a RST packet, otherwise it will not respond to the client computer
that initiated the scan. That is to say, if the TCP port is closed, it will respond with an RST packet, if it is open, there will be no response.
Dump Scan: Also known as Idle Scan or Reverse Scan, a third-party zombie computer scan is applied when scanning a host. The
zombie host sends a SYN packet to the target host. The target host port responds to SYN|ACK when it is developed, and returns to RST when
it is closed. The zombie host responds to RST to SYN|ACK, but does not respond to RST. When scanning from a zombie host, a local
Continuous pings from the computer to the zombie host. Check the ID field of the Echo response returned by the zombie host to determine the target
Which ports on the host are open or closed.
The data that can be detected includes: IP, network segment, domain name, port, operating system version, application of each port, web application,
mail application, version information, service information, domain name registrant information, website poster ID in web application, Administrator name,
protection information, etc.
2) Penetration attack module
Code components that use discovered security vulnerabilities or configuration weaknesses to attack remote target systems to implant and run attack payloads to
gain access control to the target system. The penetration attack module in the platform framework can be based on the location of the exploited security vulnerability.
Locations are divided into two categories: active penetration attacks and passive penetration attacks.
Active penetration attack: The security vulnerability exploited is located between the network server software and the upper-layer applications carried by the server software.
, because these services usually open some listening ports on the host and wait for client connections, by connecting to the target system network service
Services, inject some specially constructed network request content containing "evil" attack data, trigger security vulnerabilities, and cause the remote
service to execute the attack payload contained in the "evil" data, thereby obtaining the control session of the target system. Active penetration attacks against
network servers are traditional penetration attacks.
Passive penetration attack: The exploit vulnerability is located in client software, such as browsers, browsing plug-ins, email clients, office and Adobe
and other document and editing software. For this type of security vulnerability that exists in client software, we cannot actively input data into the client software
remotely, so we can only use passive penetration attacks. That is, constructing "evil" web pages, emails or document files, and setting up servers containing
such malicious content, sending email attachments, combining social engineering attacks to distribute and trick target users into opening them, and combining
network deception and hijacking techniques. Waiting for users on the target system to access these contents, thereby triggering security vulnerabilities in the client
software and giving a shell session that controls the target system. Passive penetration attacks on client software can bypass network boundary protection measures
such as firewalls. The two most common types of passive penetration attacks are browser software vulnerability attacks and file format vulnerability attacks.
hole attack.
3) Post-penetration attack module
The post-penetration attack module mainly supports after the penetration attack obtains remote control of the target system, with the help of the powerful control function of the
payload platform, various post-penetration attack actions can be carried out in the controlled system, such as obtaining sensitive information and further developing the system. , implement
springboard attacks, clean up traces and other activities.
4) Attack payload module
The attack payload is a piece of implanted code that prompts the target system to run after a successful penetration attack. It is usually used to open a control
session connection on the target system for the penetration attacker. In traditional penetration code development, the attack payload is just a piece of ShellCode code with
a simple function, compiled in assembly language and converted into machine code supported by the CPU architecture of the target system. After the penetration
attack triggers the vulnerability, the program execution process is hijacked and jumped. Enter this machine code and execute it to complete the single function
implemented in ShellCode.
5) Empty command module
No-op instructions (NOP) are some no-operation or irrelevant operation instructions that do not have any substantial impact on the running status of the program. The most typical are
A type of empty instruction is a no-op, and the opcode on the X86CPU architecture platform is ox90. When a penetration attack constructs an "evil"
data buffer, it is often necessary to add an empty command area before the Shellcode that is actually to be executed. This way, when the penetration
attack is triggered and the ShellCode is executed, there is a larger safe landing zone, thereby avoiding ShellCode execution failure caused by memory
address randomization, return address calculation deviation, etc. improves the reliability of penetration attacks.
6) Encoder module
After the attack payload and the empty command module assemble a command sequence, before this command is added to the "evil" data buffer by the
penetration attack module and handed over to the target system for running, the platform framework still needs to complete a very important process - encoding. . The first
mission of the encoding module is to ensure that the attack payload does not contain "bad characters" that should be avoided during the penetration attack. The second
mission of the encoder is to "avoid killing" the attack load, that is, to avoid detection and blocking by anti-virus software, IDS intrusion detection system and IPS
intrusion prevention system.
> Interface
The interface part provides a variety of user interfaces, such as Web interface, API interface, command line interface, and import interface.
Web interface: Provides an application interface for Web-related automated penetration, which can quickly call web-based vulnerabilities, XSS, SQL injection
and other tools and application technologies;
API interface: API interface that provides system-related data permissions to facilitate customized development and special scenario applications
according to user needs;
Command line interface: Provides a command line interface, which can facilitate penetration personnel with strong professional and technical skills and solid technical foundation
to directly call platform-related functions and perform related tasks through the command line interface;
Import interface: supports the import of relevant tools and materials such as scripts, tools and data to further expand and improve the functions of the
platform.
> Other parts
The use of third-party security tools such as Nmap expands the basic capabilities of the framework, and can quickly develop and integrate additional functions,
such as Nessus, OpenVAS vulnerability scanners, etc., further improving the platform's automated penetration capabilities and penetration success rate.
"141 Li Zhen cc..."

Write Dog Network
= Yes Call duration 00:59
Today 18:98

Are you interested in this post yesterday?

Yu Rang is not very good. We have dealt with this before.

"Shangguo

medium | mn solid



people




Spoke-= PQRS TUV

song

1

《 49







[He

let

10:59 am
Book

6

Mr. Cheng, the sample was not sent to me.

Year of the Insect 10.05
OF

Four o'clock

Guinea’s monthly invoice of 4.5W, 15 each time
box four times a month

New demo, already arranged
Wang

This is a sample of Y

Four by





May 25th 15:16







Confirmed. Now there is only the board of directors meeting.
Three parts of the information office

oO0.rar
4.14MB

Return to QQ mailbox





attack

mikrotik's 0day, Gmail acquisition,
Does Xiangtian exist on ios?

@Park one-day ticket + fantastic food package. Y407% straight

Eat and play while enjoying the magic (including 5 food discounts)

ticket)

Park tickets

@ One-day ticket/two-day ticket starting from 399%
Start a wonderful journey

other





@Disney Exclusive Guide Half 3,000% per person
Tailor-made VIP benefits: personalized customization
Park visit plan, convenient access to the park, attractions and entertainment
Exclusive channel for music performances and exclusive tour guide



Members will take you to explore the magic together



*Limited to 3 people per group, please contact +86 for more than 3 people
(21) 2060-3366 Purchase







@ Disney Concierge Service from 885%

Play without worries and explore more magic: quick admission,
Disney exclusive card set, exclusive viewing area, etc.

Know









@"Qimenglight Phantom Show" Huanjing Terrace. From 249%
Spend time with your family and friends in exclusive Disneytown
Enjoy the nightly wonderland of Shanghai Disneyland on Taiwan

Light Phantom Show!











OK

21:00

The total price is 20 pieces per month, and the advance payment can be made in advance
Prepay one or two

Yes, Mr. Zheng

8 May friends
and



Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs

Mongolian Foreign Language "Intranet Permissions + Historical Hash)

Kazakhstan Defense Mail Service RDP Permissions

Thailand Digital Government Development Agency email service (technology) can be used as a supply chain
Korea Sejong Research Institute Cultural Services

Philippine Navy Postal Service



RN State Program
executive cooperation agreement

The administrative area is a large area, sparsely populated, and rich in resources.









Uyshur ethnic group in Xinjiang, my country





























In the northwest border region, attempts to "separate Xinjiang from the northwest of my country" were born in the 1930s.















































Some terrorist organizations have political agendas. Because our government has always adopted scientific ethnic policies and social governance

















to promote economic and social development in remote areas of Xinjiang, and to severely combat terrorism through the rational use of military power.









Terrorist forces, which gradually began to carry out terrorist activities on the basis of the hopelessness of dividing the country, among which such















The more famous terrorist organization is the "East Turkistan" terrorist organization; while fleeing abroad to avoid attacks,

























It has close ties with religious extremism in Central Asia and the Middle East, sending terrorists back to the country to create terrorism.

























incidents, disturbing public order and attempting to cause social unrest.

























Nowadays, various terrorist organizations widely use modern communication technology to communicate, command and spread; illegal and criminal activities



















The methods and means of activities tend to be more hidden and diversified. Due to the convenience and uncontrollability of overseas communication,





It has become a hotbed for the spread of lawlessness and discipline. In order to strengthen the effective monitoring of these terrorist organizations, and Li
To combat terrorist activities, it is necessary to further strengthen the detection and monitoring of relevant terrorist organizations and lawless elements.







In this context, our company proposed to cooperate with the Bazhou Public Security Bureau to achieve military-civilian jointness, domestic and overseas cooperation and other attack methods.









To achieve in-depth counter-terrorism in Xinjiang, and gradually build a comprehensive network-side defense force in the northwest region.
The first is anti-terrorism data support. Based on our APT work for more than ten years, we have controlled many
types of server permissions and intranet permissions. (The specific data are in the following categories: anti-social, political and economic, travel

































categories, military-related categories, and communications categories. The anti-terrorism data includes the postal service data of the Anti-Terrorism Center of Pakistan’s Punjab Province,
Pakistan Government Post Service, Pakistan Punjab Police Post Service, Pakistan Luz Police Post Service,

Afghanistan National Security Council Intranet + Postal Service, Southeast Asia Counter-Terrorism Center Postal Service, etc. Political and economic data include Malaysia





Malaysia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Interior, Thailand’s Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Commerce, Mongolia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Police, etc., travel category







Data includes AirAstanna airlines,













Air Macau, etc., military-related categories include Malaysian military network, etc., through









Information data includes Pakistan’s Zong operator, Kazakhstan’s Kcell and Beeling communications companies,







Mongolia Telecom and skytel operators etc. )



The directions of Zbekistan and Iran are



At the same time, our company has targeted Afghanistan, Syria, and Ukraine.

















vSpecific project team, conduct network information for specific target organizations















Shantou

















Heart

Collect and prepare for the start of penetration implementation work
The bureau can reach a strategic cooperation agreement with our company and become a strategic partner.

The Er Autonomous Region was tame during the anti-Li campaign |





Defeat the police



move.



Based on the data support provided by our company, in Xinjiang Uighur





Provide effective technical support for Uyghur anti-terrorism activities in Xinjiang. Effective supervision of anti-terrorism organizations in Xinjiang can be achieved







control, as well as crackdown on terrorist activities, and further strengthen the monitoring and management of terrorist activities of the Uyshur ethnic group in Xinjiang.

reason.

The second is technical services. Based on A-level assessment support, personnel training, specific target information acquisition, etc.
Provide comprehensive technical services. Under this cooperation
Level proficiency verification assessment, for Bazhou Public Security Bureau
Question practice, and assault technology improvement training program
The situation is true

assessment pass rate; for

Four





Defeat the police











State Public Security Bureau for customization
burden

Talented

cyber attack
Responsibility, through preliminary theoretical knowledge training, let trainees understand offensive and defensive principles, techniques, and

set up ,





























As the first batch of companies shortlisted by the Ministry of Public Security, our company will target and A



The bureau provides customized support services, including corresponding assessment-related types of tests.



|,, thereby effectively and quickly improving the technical capabilities of Bazhou Public Security Bureau and improving

Based on the business situation and actual training needs, our company will



[Day





Anti-combat training. The training courses are all provided by our company’s professional network attack and defense technology





















Basic operations. After the theoretical knowledge of the training personnel reaches a certain accumulation and understanding, our company will base on its own

Practical training in R&D and design
Actual network offensive and defensive capabilities; ten years

Mannequin, given to the bar|





The State Public Security Bureau conducts practical training operations to improve the training personnel's











|To specific target people











Interest acquisition service, covering personal terminal remote control and targets



















Network Penetration Attack: For









1/



Click on someone

Standard terminal, providing network penetration and remote control services. right











for use/









bureau















Target the target network environment and provide network penetration attack services. thereby effectively improving
Efficiency and convenience in obtaining target information.







The third is to launch a talent training plan. In order to better respond to anti-terrorism activities in Xinjiang, as well as Bazhou









Bazhou Public Security Bureau



Security Bureau for





Cyber security, information security and other related positions







people strategy and













The Bazhou Public Security Bureau, enterprises and schools are deeply involved in



















Can effectively promote the talent training and output of cooperative colleges and universities



cooperation and give full play to the resources of all parties

pertinence and effectiveness











Fang Rui



Original advantages, continuously effective

Actively establish and improve the talent supply and demand mechanism for the entire chain of talent training, introduction, and transportation |; can |



bid, our company proposed to pass



Dingsu



In order to cultivate and output information security technical talents with high matching degree and strong professional practical ability for the State Public Security Bureau, the other party











Target achieved, full effort



Improve learning



At once





















employment level and employment quality,





True









Cultivate



Cultivate multi-directional technical talents.



Post "unit, enterprise, school"



win-win.

The three parties develop together,









School + enterprise joint approach to carry out targeted class training and teaching management, thereby effectively

The fourth is comprehensive laboratory construction. According to the latest requirements of our country’s national policy: In order to promote our country’s cyber special investigation team



team and laboratory hierarchical construction to enhance our country’s

Implementation Opinions on the Construction of the Investigation Team" (Public Office [2010]



Specification" (Gongban [2010] No. 2159) and other document requirements, I |
According to the actual situation, the network special investigation laboratory was conducted to search for















Security Department Online



No. 28), "Public Security Organ



E activates the offensive ability. in accordance with"





security department



Network special investigation













All over the country



The security department will



Shenpu













Mainly for attacks and penetrations in the network special investigation work of the network security departments of public security agencies.
Provide operational support and technical support for protection and other aspects. Based on law enforcement departments













situation, and the grading of laboratories in our country

Prepare for construction.



> Rose attack equipment: take "attack advance" as

Setting the latest standards, Law Enforcement Department





























Yes, actively develop





equipment. Capable of handling traditional network applications at the same time









and new networks











Launched the invasion and infiltration,





bureau

Target control and attack process security.

set up. Comprehensive laboratory equipment is different from traditional network detection and control equipment.

Complete

The practice of hierarchical construction of Guizheng Laboratory
The door still needs to continue to improve the relevant special reconnaissance equipment.

Active offensive weapons in cyberspace

F disturb



Combined with the needs of comprehensive laboratory construction,

1.

work such as destroying, cracking down and suppressing.

Protective equipment: with the concept of “prevention” as the









respect





stated that based on the need for active attack in cyberspace,







Build a workflow that covers attack terminals, resource links, monitoring and auditing, and security detection



safety protection body









Reconnaissance equipment: with "deep reconnaissance



As the goal, the network TZ mobile phone is based on the conditions of informationization.













segment intelligence reconnaissance needs, build machine
information network TZ intelligence reconnaissance equipment, in order to realize
Control equipment: with the goal of "long-term control and defense", based on special reconnaissance





















Communicates network and user basic information to the Internet, WiFi hotspots,





Precision operations in cyberspace provide all types of intelligence.







Point people, key objects,











Need network node

Same network environment, different applications

The secret control and development of







Respond to different networks

times



, different terminal firmware, different

























Long-term control equipment in various scenarios.















Linkage equipment: with the goal of "integrated linkage", based on active attack, active defense, situational









Coordinated mobilization of various business links such as reporting and reconnaissance, target control and defense, and data concealment and encrypted transmission, forming a









TZ linkage data

P pivot to ensure that TZ operations are carried out simultaneously in cyberspace



























step-by-step and integrated development.

Our company can provide special equipment mainly including:







Attack equipment:





systems, automation









Protective equipment:
Reconnaissance equipment:



Network attack and defense



Training platform, network attack and defense practice 3





Taiwan, WiFi proximity attack system







Penetration testing platform, divine operator password cracking platform.















Anonymous anti-tracing wall and scientific Internet equipment.







Reverse analysis tools









Control equipment:



8 secrets





Taiwan and Twitter control evidence collection



Network terminal fingerprint probe system, individual toolbox, R&D test toolbox,





Box, security attack toolbox, remote detection toolbox.

Taiwan, Android remote control

control management system, Windows remote control management system, Makc remote control management system,

Linux remote control management system.

Xinjiang Bachuan Gong

Negative



5 Linked equipment: Antao Cloud intelligence data query platform, email analysis intelligence decision-making system, single
Data query platform.









This agreement is not complete



It can be improved in a timely manner according to actual needs after friendly consultation between both parties.





This Agreement shall come into effect from the date of signing.















There are two copies of this Agreement, each party holds one copy.









9Chuan Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.





ice
add



special
Negative
special



























Individual tool box
Product white paper





(2022 V1.0 version)

4.8 Capture and modify packets

















Capture and modify packets



Inside



Capture and modify packets based on standard traffic.

























Integrate a large number of common

CT

ieRTrOP 10
friend
add

PU









Bait 2

aesratk Natlimier alecton。

Domain name collection tool

mouth four
Doctor draws out the letter, scans draws out the expansion expands
Kumoto total 2 to name quan lei
Faaer. . App mtpaMen. Mnignifer. Packsat Wockeett, this is within HI. SRenifer WEExporer13
He has more than six orbital ten-day telegrams equal to
Me。 Appsni MpaMion Minisniler mckhesat WMSadkEe 。 访G sswikr 。 wsbnpo came pwatdh
name

Charles

(Capture and change packets)







Collect information from subdomains related to the designated domain name.





, support for















don't go away

mol

group

Subpom





Item

Technique Duo Jiu 1 Duo Sweeping Chi's Take

@下本 can four four draw draw
sse au 。 GR plateme 名。 Faaman espF 。 Subdonaia
four down on
esg aiom CHR pnapw Tare 。 汪 Fndomain GO 。 aublom。 Subdon。 Subbam

Ben|] [|Beast| {] |] {韭] [Benefit] [|人]到了|[最]|到

Sea Sbpom-， donsinjar bomai

aubdoma。 domain asHok Hands 。 subcolect subpom 。 Discover

(subdomain name)

8 /17

4.10 XSS tools

Tool

A large number of built-in XSs attacks









terminal attack







of.



IsRTOP10

प्रत्व



















, supports delivering malicious script code to the client through the web site LD to achieve customer







































Cheng] strict | restrained | humanistic | P Cheng | heaven is | | red | strict
srprobe shelattheF 。 em palone。 直8SXc5 Jsscon hl   so xsmaaa bm。 ba
Yu Jian Tian Tu Yu He Er
JSRFRiobe shell. Tip paye Ag JSSCon two dl ao and sacef beel. bemenes are ngoX. HIME
Four days in yuga painting noon
Jp Mampe 5SW6g Xer Mafof jg-pat Xp and 55. Xiper. XSSue. ySSTonnal
(XSS tool)
4.11 Directory Scan
Built-in common directory scanning tools support scanning and information collection of directories existing under the target website.
Can be added
aiERTOp10
P吕 严_ re Ps | FE Pa Fe Pr PC
WBbpangnts. After Diap DiSii Scan TO4. BackupScan. Webgcaan. Webi friends. Wordpres tip-Wowscan gil
The group picture has .口口思叶 @ 网 @Q 桓
ebpath Dinap. Dissafe. kscan. Teako4 Bacups Websaan Wet sign. Wordpre. wowscan. Family planning. Book
[Conggekou Four Kingdoms Two Hui Reinforcement
ov. ShungWE3. IE37. . Flescan. Scandr. Slabscan wwacan. wean daarer



(directory scan)
4.12 Fingerprint identification

Built-in constant













Fingerprint identified



Inside











, support cracking











Standard website fingerprint identification,



















Basic information about the target website.

9 /17

htap10

wonoi anddant。 gaheb 。 sancms TbFnger Wubfinger webanay、 WiolaWe-。 gpWhat

times country

weak WebcMS Bathie



(Fingerprint recognition)

4.13 Wireless Audit







PP Pa pn Pa Ps Pi Pa Pa Pa
But male country has been edited and added with drawing country added [| back

maldent. HOST WEB. fingerprint

A large number of built-in wireless audit tools support capturing network data packets through wireless WIFI for compilation, classification, retention and statistics.







Analysis, including web pages, emails, instant messaging, downloads and uploads, online games, network traffic



ET



strip | four | |work | |area | painting| |painting| |@| |cup| |painting
page Bribery the manager, please ask Wang Quan AN aa aa

Painting| |Four| |Four| |Painting| | @| |@| |Yan|
yes



(wireless audit)

4.14 Collection





ao and by. airr four

livelihood and so on.

aatxgroup

Anti-rose negative expansion pumping too "color", expansion "too"
Also add each 100 million drawings and drawings
ugghd. This half life, four seasons, Aidk ngG. in aeply. aidedloakng ayodump hg. solog aa Lu

an

who has

eye

phan-mg ”wesaide hg 。 wpadlaan 。 测base-ng crackrng

District mentioned by person by @ people person person can
adecap-. . HiD lbusbo genus. Ph can be. pm3 level station. PhiBan5-. Proamar. Proumar. UFUIDM. PIT opens -. Count F string 5 to order
Wu Ling Yu Wu Yu Shi Gan will meet to do things for the country.
[Times [S Guangying. . [hx6U. [TX5U 1pma Confirmation and Tonghe Phone Small LI CUIDR Full EubhiescR GaRK. mopectum















Built-in common information collection



















, can be searched through various browser search engines



target information.



10 /17

ashnop10

Rose 8 pump too_ six
photon 。 儿=XIE。 360x0spidar baiduspaar removeRepaa bmngspidar 。 HomuatUik 。 soGouspiaar 。 Supedtul
To add, can
motto

The addition of proof and. 360s0SpL. baidusRi

loveg 。 bingspeed ormaturs soGousp- 。 Supat ui

Zoomebm Pipscan



(collect collection)
4.15 Agent Tools

Integrated executable network proxy tasks

and 9EIR









[tool, convenient









User performs network proxy tasks.

aegTop10
color and size. Help Quan-Expand Pumping
Fan @ Ke Chang Yu He Hai
ShademocaR vayN ccpowy paypaal mmsane mimob Pioiier
Trade 2 Painting Chang Village Picture Direction
adows。 va coreg mamypaal 顺adie 。 mnmeb 。 phamier



(agent tool)

4.16 Injection tools
Built-in large amount of SQL dust











Injection tool that can be used for SQL injection



























LD testing and benefits





11 /17







aanmop1a
Duoduoduojiu sweep the people, sweep sweep the family to take
Men's Painting History Area / San Guo Gang Jia
Sap BiW Eleul not saleper sale 。 man maneaal Rasquaak sq

Wait 7 Shanghai big production afternoon plus
Sap 。 ndy 。 a5QlGul pas sudpe sabog 。 mayal mamaal Nosaut sqiv pomeup- supesql
tuli
engea。 PEOunjac

(injection tool)

4.17 Download tools
A large number of built-in network resources have been downloaded







Such as thunder,



(downloaded

PanDownload and Xdown etc.



4.18 Port scanning
scanning















Integrated a large number of terminals







, can be









[Tool)

Open status for online real-time spying.







12 /17

In the painting, this | Bureau He | Full | Passing the Temple in the painting
Ts。 en。 RaptSc。 6。 SS Deal Manson Wan PH Son snthea 。 Pan
Male| |Four| |Four| |Four| |





(port scan)





4.19 LD Utilization



























A large number of built-in LD exploitation tools support re-exploitation of discovered LDs.













Make it possible
EToPin
To and|

Return to the bureau and re-visit Qi Xuan Yu Xia Yu Yu Hua
abkan wmap Wersad sd JanErphk aploal 。 fpiader ssen on sme
Add station time Add Chang Xia and Xia male Yu Chang
abkean winep 。 Weatsck 。 Sntect an六。 wpbad fnpaider 。 BBcam BA BeRMie 。 assean Wondge
Yu Hewu Li Zhen arrived at Yu Erxia Yu Meisheng
ia          Mean Shot Rat。 paneh Snatouc。 dotkexan hthsa -an5an 。 phnap
Chang Yu and Yu Ji and Zhuo Chang and Yu Yu
WP5si cp bpmp BLUECWS cmalmby。 dem pypgy pp 。 PW8S Falep 。 jpemi RINGCHS

Bitee. cbkg. ppp country Poptb. phgane. Phpuh. phpmipd. shepel. UcHoME northess. Industrial HDS use-mail









(LD Lee







4.20 Forensic Tools

A large number of built-in forensic tools support efficient forensics and information collection on target computers, hard drives and files.

























13 /17



(forensic tools)



4.21 Process Analysis
Supports process monitoring for targets and obtains information related to process running.















Ben] |painting] |cup] [painting| |@] |painting| [|cup| |@@
On peed and pe, pe
Male, Male | |Heng
(process analysis)

4.22 Comprehensive scan
Integrate a large number of comprehensive scanning tools to support









Perform port scanning and website LD scanning on the machine.







bureau











14 /17







Fa
PE | Heaven | Pa el Fl FS P | Heaven | Fa
have

Add area can be named add and and noon
Wake up in the name of each [3 【2 next in with radiance
And] [two
Book
(comprehensive scan)

4.23 Data management

Provides data management and operation tools for visual operations on the database.

Attack two, other, Fe, sex, expand the country, Fe, add Tiansw, expand four, expand g
生本台四国 [1国turbulencefourothertimes
[Quantity is necessary to strengthen the country [1 Shangganfei rational reason
RedisMa SCQlirast, qiToals SQLIOOLS qiw MssqiTa- Add machine data.,. Immigration multi-function-,. "EasyAccess ESEDatab. Exqpartize mdb
[3 and years plus



(kind



data management)

4.24 Webshell management









Target site penetration testing





Make, right

The target site shall be scientifically managed.





















Can







<two,

Provides WebSshell management

15 /17

This book can be made by oneself
mppno
Knife ra accounts for being trapped in

sword. sh and an261412 Buhindar



(Webshell management)
4.25 Remote control





























A large number of built-in remote control tools can be used for remote control connections to target hosts and sites.



(remote control)

4.26 Social work assistance





























Integrate commonly used social engineering auxiliary tools, which can assist in generating and forging relevant information through partial information.

16 /17



to the profession
re

HT7R. Nahcgalraal. Post Liu IE. Former subordinate. EbiEeordh di

@

am

country

5

F@@ Quan Er Expansion. Tianzhi 69 Taizhi expansion Yan Er ulcer





er car. . Eee-

Chinese fish plus Xing Japanese machine

onegot。 Gin。

>

ipcad 。 ngpha_































(Social Work Assistant)
Product parameters
Category Parameters
Processor Intel Core i7-7700HQ, 2.8Ghz
Motherboard Intel CM238 chipset
Memory 16384MB (2x8GB) DDR4-2666 SO-DIMM dual channel memory
Hard drive capacity 1T+256GSSD
Screen size 15.6 inches
Physical resolution 1920x1080
Dimensions 25x389x305(mm)
Weight 3.548 kg + 810 g (notebook + 240W power supply)
The number of tool sets can be added according to actual conditions











17 /17

Table of contents

















































1 前言
2 ” demand analysis
3 Product introduction
3.1 。 Product introduction.
3.2 Product composition es2
3.3 System Architecture 2
3.4 Network architecture es 3
4 product features
4.1 Recently used4
4.2 Commonly used tools es 5
4.3 Brute force cracking 5
4.4 Code audit.es6
4.5 Webshell Tools 6
4.6 code decoding.eesssessnsnssnsnsrnnsnssnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn7
4.7 局域网 支字
4.8. Capture the package and change the turtle.es8
4.9. Each subdomain is es8
4.10. XSS Tools 9
4.11 Directory scanning ee9
4.12 Fingerprint recognition 9















The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is suitable for penetration testing of various network sites and can be used as a special reconnaissance method to remotely control targets.

























Management and acquisition of data intelligence resources.









The platform performs cluster management of various network special investigation tools through high-performance notebooks.













Open the "Individual Soldier Toolbox" and connect to the network to carry out special reconnaissance work on the target.









6.2 Deployment method

















The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is designed for:

























































Special investigation software is a technical means to carry out special investigation work on targets. Specific computer configuration requirements are as follows:
Item Parameters
Processor Intel Core i7-7700HQ, 2.8Ghz
Motherboard Intel | CM238 Chipset
Memory 16384MB (2x8GB) DDR4-2666 SO-DIMM dual channel memory
Hard drive capacity 1T+256GSSD
Screen size 15.6 inches











Just call

|A comprehensive management platform for special investigation software tools, using high-performance notebooks as the carrier, with professional

18 /17





















Physical resolution 1920x1080
Dimensions 25x389x305(mm)
Weight 3.548kg+810g (notebook+240W power supply)
The number of tool sets can be added according to actual conditions
[Wang Suo
7” Product Advantages



> Strong camouflage

Professional Penetration Toolset Powered by High-Performance Notebooks















The computer is loaded, which ensures that the tool













































































































































[The stability of the tool also ensures that when using
It can effectively disguise itself without being discovered.
> Powerful
It has a large collection of built-in professional penetration software tools to meet various network reconnaissance needs. All tools are accompanied by notes and detailed introduction to the work.
The applicable environment of the tool.
> Quick navigation
For tools that are used more frequently, sort them according to their frequency of use, and display the top tools by frequency of use in the frequently used toolbar.
Two tools, suitable for usage habits, quickly locate commonly used tools
> Good ease of use











The system is based on Windows system environment and adopts





district

Under the formal operation boundary









, more in line with users’









Quickly find and use various tools.























Regular use habits can realize













19 /17

6

















































4.13 “Wireless Review;
4.14 ” Collection
4.15 “Agent Tool 1
4.16 "injection tool.ee 1
4.17 Download tool 2
4.18 “Port Scan 2
4.19 LD Utilization 3
4.20 “Forensic Tools.es 3
4.21 Process Analysis 4
4.22 ” Comprehensive Scan 4
4.23 “Data Management 5
4.24 “WebShell Management 5
4.25” remote control 6
4.26 “Social Work Assistance 6
Product parameters .ssennssnnnsn nannsnnnssn nan snssssnssssnssss sn 17
Product Department Xuan .se sensennsssnnnss snnnsnnnssn snsssnn snssssnsssnnsssss nana 18
6.1. Applicable environment 18
6.2 Deployment method.9 18
Product advantages .se seen ssensssnnsssnnnsss snsnssnnnsss snssssn snssssnssssnssss sn 19

1 Introduction

There are many ways to penetrate the network, depending on the needs and usage





















network penetration worker















tools, these tools are classified into many categories, targeting the same







Depending on the environment, there are many ways to achieve it.









At the same time these

























The compatibility of tools leads to their use in different applications







Environment















Used together, it can be more reflected











































Small tool, big effect. Efficient, fast and stable, and the current special investigation
Laboratory tools are currently difficult to find.



































Using unfamiliar network agents









































Sufficient for the present



















































































application environment, and lack of standardized
It is conducive to improving the efficiency and stability of special investigation work. Reasonable, that’s right
Problems that need to be solved before Asia.
2 “Needs Analysis

There are many types and quantities of network special investigation tools, and their functions are managed and standardized.
The use of network special investigation tools has caused users to be confused between various types of network special investigation tools.

















Maximize effectiveness when carrying out special investigation work. on the one hand,



































3 It performs disguise and















































On the other hand, because the special detective













































Depending on the frequency of use, for normal







> Enables quick navigation





SN















































The higher the proficiency in using the tools, the better











This requires root



Guizhen business can be carried out smoothly with quality and quantity guaranteed.

























The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" needs to have a quick search function

Yes, you can quickly find suitable positions















Such tools conform to usage habits and need to be used according to the





























task, and quickly launched a special investigation.



, at the same time, in order to make each



[Tools are sorted into TOP10 to speed up business development

1717

> Tools can be classified













There are many types of network special investigation tools, which can easily lead to a mismatch between functions and needs. Therefore, it is necessary to conduct unified management of various network special investigation tools.



































Organize and annotate the functions of all tools to facilitate the standardized use of various network special investigation tools and make full use of their functional characteristics.



































Based on different special investigation business scenarios, the stability and ease of use of the tool are further improved to ensure the stable and effective conduct of special investigation business.
> Conducive to concealment and camouflage





































The network special investigation business is sensitive and must be carried out in a concealed environment to avoid alerting the target and causing the special investigation

















The mission failed, and the daily usage rate of laptops is high, so high-performance laptops can be used to reproduce special investigation tools.

on two,







































The lamp is convenient for concealing 9 to perform special reconnaissance operations. On the other hand, it can improve the portability of the "individual soldier toolbox" and facilitate special reconnaissance operations in a variety of environments.













unfold below.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
"Individual Toolbox" is a cluster management platform of tools for penetration testing of various network sites. It has a large number of built-in network special reconnaissance tools.









Book

































The tool can be used as a means of special investigation to conduct LD discovery, LD utilization and remote control management of targets, thereby obtaining data intelligence resources.

























The platform clusters various network special investigation tools through high-performance notebooks





relative
peak



Users only need to open the "Individual Soldier Toolbox" and connect to the Internet













network, you can carry out special reconnaissance work on the target.

3.2 "Product composition
"Individual Soldier Toolbox" is a professional network special investigation tool set. The system is equipped with high-performance notebooks to provide users with

































Good software operating environment and penetration environment.







The product composition list of the "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is mainly as follows:





1 'Sound Soldier Toolbox": 1 unit



















2. Platform User Manual: 1 copy
3.3 "System architecture
"'Yinbing Toolbox" is mainly composed of the basic support layer, the middle layer and the application layer. The basic support layer is the underlying architecture of the system, providing

2 /117

























































Provides classification, interface beautification, function sorting, tool introduction and cluster management functions. The middle layer uses the API structure and SDK interface to











































The API interface improves the coupling between each component unit, and the SDK interface is used to provide various package interfaces to provide powerful









Function guarantee, the application layer is the specific implementation layer of various tools, realizing the cluster management functions of various tools.









(system architecture diagram)







3.4 “Network Architecture
The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is an integrated combat equipment that uses a high-performance notebook as a carrier and integrates a large number of network special investigation tools.













Inspectors can use the "Individual Toolbox" to conduct LD discovery and LD utilization on the target application site, and discover









































LD that exists in the target application site, release LD utilization tools, and control and collect evidence on the target application site to obtain the target application.
Site intelligence information purposes.

























































3 /17

4 products























Sales inspector, individual tool
("Individual Soldier Toolbox" Network Architecture Medical
product function
The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is a special product for the network reconnaissance work of the special reconnaissance department. The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" has a large number of built-in









Brute force cracking, code audit,

















and













encode decode,













software







Tool set for quick alignment

Network reconnaissance.



standard network



4.1 ” Recently used



LAN attacks, XSS





[Tools, comprehensive scanning, data management,



Remote control and other majors







Function

to provide

Already



recently used













and press the usage frequency







<High or low, right or wrong|



















habits to improve the efficiency of special investigation work.

In
ampmropto
opposite



al Smane4 Webcndk

obm

With search function, according to the use of

Sort tools in the same category to facilitate

TIRC 。 ysRFProbe shallaftheF







The level of frequency provides party







Tools Top10 Sort



























Find customers quickly







[Tool





Ben| Ke Ben| Four | Miles | Four | | | time and release
rmi Wend ap。 slashe ed， yo， Wen Auiopy wm
PP Be 国上 长国 面 国 8 *
Edkpgls 。 Euenyrhing beyondc- cmder Processsh 。 Chrome FireFoxl it Bash Nespa二- ea 鱼信
Name Hui Jiujia transferred to the country to seize the book Hui
eve。 pppRa Us sos ti 1













[Close to users





To 7,

a 6
PP got pe

pmioeas Meshmapscon 。 Autopa

4717

4.2 "Commonly used tools
Built-in a large number of commonly used network tools, such as WeChat, QQ, Google Chrome, Dbeaver and Cmder, etc.

on two,





















































The lamp meets the needs of special investigation work and improves the convenience of special investigation work.









ET Chang
Airone

re Pa pp pre pr四 Pa re Fe Pa

ae Eeeeypg bendonp。 cd ppeeawdier come Heroga canh Neapaker四

Jing Yu Qie Si Guo Li Wai Qi Hua Guo Ru Ben

pbewer EPE Concrete Bankng cmasr Phaeessh 。 chreme 。 FFa







(Common tool)









4.3 "Brute force cracking"
Built-in self-made brute force cracking script and mature password cracking tool. Can attack MSSQL database, MYSQL database and SSH



























Unlimited exhaustive enumeration of account passwords to crack account passwords; can be used to crack Windows and Linux administrator account passwords and protocols.
Encrypted ciphertext for cracking.



Top10



cover | four | |skill @ | |land | |product
rn
The most complete version | 2

Ge

beast| is] [prosperous] [dissection] 『Chan| |hard| [human

Ca

(brute force cracking)

5 /17

4.4 Code audit

Integrate commonly used code audit tools to check the security flaws of source code in projects and discover code LD, making it easier for penetration personnel to detect LD































for further LD utilization.











re 盏 于本| rm| Pa | Pa | Pa
Cow planta Phpmnuner phpna Notnsan pamar 。 W phtrape Rawenir
Next | Between | | | |Zhan| |[Male| [Four| La Four| | Painting| wm
on i.e
Four paintings m| Four| Wang Si Review
Pr Dec。 hpaae。 Acdiyo EurorR ScanWia 569 So
(code audit)

4.5 Webshell tools

Integrate multiple command execution environments in the form of web files such as asp, php, jsp or cgi, that is, web backdoors, which can



























When performing penetration work on a target website, such tools are mixed with normal web page files in the WEB directory of the website server.























Use a browser to access the asp or php backdoor to get a command execution environment to control the target website server

























Bureau map
Anti-ping ping enforcement sweep
Pa | | Chang Village
jp day 3 also
Ji Ji Xun Yu Xu Yu Yu Cun
pre. perfect. modss aer plus pm by ee webmalL



6 /17

(Webshell)

4.6 Encoding and decoding











The user can quickly encrypt, decrypt and encode the target.































Integrate a large number of commonly used encryption and decryption, encoding conversion, and hexadecimal conversion tools for easy use
Conversion and base conversion.
Ulcer 1 F@ F Ps has plus Fo Fe ro F thousand certificate

and CASCII certification tool pezenderk large volume TREE



Purpose for punishment OO ee 6
9
Xun Guo Ma Chang was trapped in the picture xx
ip factory 4. . Ma Xuan spreads his chopsticks. "ryptTea data is up to date. Picture BASE. Xiao Kuduo Gong. Arrived in Xiaoxi County,. Formal phcrack ERAES jsDE
add | let

JPocdkett 。 hashide



(encode decode)









4.7 LAN attack
Tools and script files can effectively carry out penetration attacks against the target LAN.

Built-in a large number of tools for LAN attacks





















(LAN change)
7 /17

Vietnam Ministry of Economy 40w

Ministry of Interior of Vietnam 35w

Vietnam Department of Statistics 35w

The exploration company affiliated to Vietnam PVEP Oil and Gas Group drags the same

Drag the sample of the population data of Shanggang, Vietnam and the civil servant data of Shanggang, Vietnam, as well as the data size and quotation.









5:08: All junior high schools

4《 5 Nancy CS….
People hit. These things all come from the same file server.
Or three different file servers
different

People click. I see there are many file abbreviations.
Some belong to parliament and council. Can we distinguish between them?

Four | Mention



Fortunately, this is not the same as today?j

MMR

MI











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































[Two recent volumes|Electronic Level”|Contract Name Multi-Party Goge User Special Appointment Time. |Contract Jin Yan. |Matters Difeng
1 Public Security Bureau 2 Cong Socks Full Six Entries Full Service | Shangdu Jietongshi Technology Co., Ltd. | Xudu City Public Security Bureau: aasor os. |47oooo oo. |Personnel network fingerprint collection query special pole business system
ass wants "Safety Technology Service Baitong Chengwu Gongtongyinghe Technology Co., Ltd. 1 | Chengshuo City Public Ownership Bureau 11 aaa jaaaoooo |
3 oaor Enterprise 44 Photometry Shu (Xiawei | Qing Xiaoxun and Quanli (Liuhe You | Xiaozhengli [Shenyou| ou7o3a3 Shang Poooooo | Zhonghe
4 |zazoaaoo Security "Network Technology Service Contract" Caozhou Cultural Research Center, Heze, Shandong Province joyoaag |eooooooo |HehetianSAxiahehehehe
5 E Wang 3 [ETERSE Greater District Tongyi Hedong Co., Ltd. | Chengji City Public Security Bureau: 09 86500000 | Loan to foreign counter Liu Weierben each
6 |zazoeeoduo "Technical Service Contract) Shenzhen Public Security Bureau Internet Police Detachment" |Shenzhen Public Security Bureau Internet Police Detachment. |017.0626. |4soo0o oo. |Provide: Annual acquisition of specific target data services
7 |:arozoom People "Technical Countermeasure Service) Shenzhen Municipal Public Security Bureau Internet Police Detachment. | Shenzhen Municipal Public Security Bureau Net Juefenghan Detachment” | 2017.07 20. | 4o000.o0. | Provide monthly technical anti-currency services
sa |oroaoo Enterprise Construction Committee Article Four, Shanghai Xun and Baoquan Article |Hubei China Electronics Quantong Information Technology Co., Ltd. |Half Life People |otzoaok |sezsooo
Day "|oo | People "Technical Countermeasure Resource Platform" Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department 2ot7oa |ezaoooo
io0 |/ Government We Chengdu Housing Security Center Chengdu Housing Security Center oat7s20. | ssooooo. |Machine modification fund management system security assessment service
1 |worooa Ke AR Tianjin Information Construction Investment Administration | Tianjin Security Bureau: or7aa25 |oooooo. |Doctor name payment package
This aa is going to Yuntianshaofen local 1 person EDEES ja 0000000 |Zhihe to Tiannangfenbenpingxia]
1 |opazzo Enterprise "Security System Sales Contract)" Wuhan Dihao Line Technology Co., Ltd. |Wuhan Zero Line Technology Co., Ltd. |2017.42.27 |:soooo oo. |1 set of security system, providing 2 years of technical support services
This asaagz wants ER to be opened as a technology co., Ltd. | Paired with the Municipal Public Security Bureau agor 6606000000 | This makes the anti-Tian Tiao tribute obsolete 1 want
15 |2018020503 Public Station Chengdu Qiu Tongyi Technology Co., Ltd. |Chengdu Public Security Bureau 2otaor |400000 oo |Yuyu please Zatong 1 point (ANS)
1 |zolaoz0o3 Public Security "Analysis of Departmental Works" Chengdu Jietongyi Technology Co., Ltd. |Chengdu Public Security Bureau aao roooooo "|Search into fear and sweep
Show people Usuke and go

17 "|aosomao Enterprise "windows forensic system" Beijing Yongxin Zhicheng Technology Co., Ltd. | Li Yongquan "someone |amaotal | sooooo
18. 2018100901 Security "Technical Service Contract" Unit No. 59 Yunnan Province Unit No. 59 2018.1 180000.00. Obtain specific target data
Four more "Intelligence Information Service Contract" Shushan County Public Security Bureau of Yunnan Province Public Security Bureau of Caishan Tuo Hui Autonomous County "|2018 0547. |aooooo oo. | Withholding of intelligence information services for one year Chen Qing
2 aas to be completely unconvinced by men] 1 this time ET: aaasar ss60000 |this branch essentials] and and next
21 | soooorsor Public Security "Equipment Procurement Contract) Nanjing Fenghuo Wangzhai Communications Famin Co., Ltd. | 5 training and overnight Zhou You people | ola os 3 | sooooo oo. |Zhen Hezi Kou Ta Po Xin Platform]Multiple volumes of makeup
22 |sarwAzprzolaoa |People's Security "Anonymous Routing Project" Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department oa oooooo Pang Quan Sheng Sheng Quan
2 Security "Technical Cooperation Agreement) There are many bamboo shoots, | there are 2 bureaus | mso620 | oo0ooo | 2nd Transportation | C Bureau website permissions are maintained in the annals of history
24 2018062801 Security "Technical Service Contract} Zhang Renben Tai'an Security Bureau 2 2018.6 80000.00. Obtain specific email data service Huan Zishe
2 "GMA Mailbox Secret Access System Sales Contract"). |Hangzhou Sanhui Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd.| Chi\三《人证有人|olsoy|sooooooo. |swAuig Box Taking System Chen Qing
26 |zaaoaoaox Enterprise Two lives only four lives and livelihood Tuoquanshengren|Chengcai Liantuo Information Technology Co., Ltd. "|State Grid Tibet Electric Power Co., Ltd.: aaaoso oooooo. | Enter and and Wang Quansheng enter |
27 "|zaaaoeeo Public Security Bureau Junda Hainan Industrial Co., Ltd. Haikou Public Security Bureau:ta ol9. |zoooo oo. | Obtain 4 email data provided by Xiaoye
28 |zaaaooteoz more Login to the four addresses of key websites outside the village: Huyuan Technical Service | Huda Hainan Industrial Co., Ltd. Haikou Public Security Bureau: aassl9 |soooooo. | pm measurement source Tiao Hongxu

service contract

"Technical Service Contract" - enlarged
29 |:aaooteoa District Renben No. 2 Technical Service Contract |Gongda Hainan Industrial Co., Ltd. Haikou Public Security Bureau aassl9 |:zoooooo |Anqi w Tiao Hongxu
30 2018090501 Public Security "Product Sales Contract" Kunming Municipal Public Security Bureau Xishan Branch Danming Municipal Public Security Bureau Xishan Branch 2018.09.21 116000.00 1 set of Lieyao 2.9W, scientific Internet box 87W for 3 years | Luoshan
3 |/ Public Security Bureau, birth certificate and acceptance certificate, Jiu people, Public Security Bureau of Xiangyun County, Dali Prefecture, Public Security Bureau of Xiangyun County, Dali Prefecture, oaaalooe boooooo Quan Guangsheng has a garlic birth (|
32 2108100901 Security "Technical Service Contract" Unit No. 59 Yunnan Province Unit No. 59 2018.10.17 180000.00. Provide 1 specific target data acquisition service Shan

















































































33 Fa Yaoquan (Serve my colleagues in jade) In the people's government of the three cities, two relatives arrived | In the overall situation of short history PUTERRTICTTIOO people IESEEE Wang arrived Wang Yinwang
34 |zol8tzosot Government ANS attack the name Aji Yongqing from the People's Republic of China Datong | China Enterprises and the People's Republic of China Dalian Haishan | 201812.04 | 98000.00 | ANS Medical Name Network from You Er
35 [zolatzaot security |/ | "(Nongwai annihilation can be sprinkled service) Booking page Business School People's page makeup hall: aas12124 | 1s6000.00 | Afternoon data expansion
36 |oaapzo Enterprise | | (Technical Service Contract) Yunnan Shenbao Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Yunnan Shenbao Network Technology Co., Ltd. | 2ol812.. |hoooo oo.
37 [swzoagoiog000L |人TUo |) | "Geshan Qingzhisuo) arsenic [Zhiyou.com Showa Huiqing Co., Ltd. | Qifang Municipal Public Security Bureau sr08 | i0086000 | Lerwei Department of Playing in the Snow
38 |20l9010701 Yu Fang "Product Sales Right} Qingjia Zonghan Communication Technology Co., Ltd. | Qingpin Third Training and Fourth Bureau 2olaot "|Bsoooo oo |wlp near attack system performance
3a9 Public Security |/ (Attack on Name Branch Sports Committee Personnel File) Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau Yunnan Xi Gongjia Wan 1 201905 on so00000 | Daming Branch Personnel Kit] Committee
Four Enterprises |/ | "Sales Contract for Quantity Payment Suite" Chengdu Xunxueyu Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Feihe Yuhe Changhe Gongheshengquan |xougos. . |oooo oo. |Tianming Payment Suite: Large
RES E 1 Tianmei service subordinate) 1 Hailiang Snowman Bureau 520 | 5560000 | Requirements for attacking Wuzhi people
42 "|zB-o03-2019-0823| . | |Product Sales Contract Changji〈Arsenic Gate) Network Technology Co., Ltd. ol9.s 33. |4aoooo.o0 | ae Se similar whole physiological system Finusi got
Quan Ren | | Yong Lin | Yu Shi Dacheng K information Ping Xia and He Ren | Zhifu Wei: oass26. | soooo oo. |Need for knowledge ball safety assessment services
Ben Gaorz0is05i0 | Passed by the current sales department] 5 full ES masosa9g | i7s00000 | Gan Yan Ben next target by
"Number of Collaborative Innovation Platforms for Military and Civilian Science and Technology in Sichuan Province | 2 Data Exchange of Collaborative Innovation Platforms for Military and Civilian Science and Technology in Sichuan Province"
全"|eorarzoeoo6 |Enterprise| |The basic temple is designated as the four largest six towers to avoid assassination. The whole Hanzhong Institute of Physical Science and Technology Chengdu Science and Technology Development Center: asaoa | eoooooo | Yoye Province Large Number and Jukan Tongren Rong Station Chen Guan
6 It is necessary to ensure that all products are produced on the same machine jms za6aooo |swatvpssE dongyi
47 |>oasGrFnoos .oa . |Public Security |Internal "|Product Sales Contract First Research Institute of the Ministry of Public Security Yancheng City Public Security Bureau: olsaz2za. rooooo | SA 5 people 80W, |Chen Cheng
48 |/ Security |Internal "|IOS sales contract Jiusan Production Unit Hubei 2019. 12 1090000. 00 "|1 set of Apple IOS system remote attack tool project
49 |/ Security | Internal "| Anti-Huyuan Sales Contract Jiusan Production Unit Hubei 2019. 12 109000. 00. | Anti-Huyuan Network Protection System Upgrade Project 1 Set
50 Security |Internal "|0utlook Sales Contract Jiusan Work Unit Hubei 2019. 12 375000.00 |0utlook Email Attack Tool 1 Set
Qiang Gongzhi | Internal | Product Sales Hernia Du Qingcong and You RS Ke Hubensi Bureau zazoa5 asoooo | swAt
s | Enterprise | Non-confidential "|Technical Service Contract Chengdu Tianfu Sanlian Technology Co., Ltd. | Chengdu Tianfu Sanlian Technology Co., Ltd. | 2020.2.24. |iooooo oo. | Healthy High-tech Platform Penetration Testing Service
5 | Public Security | Unclassified "| Email to obtain technical service contract Arrival at Hainan Industrial Co., Ltd. Haikou Public Security Bureau:ozoz2ze | Pzoooooo | Quanquan
Can Yaozhi | Two books | Enter jade service Bisi Yunnan Hedao Network Shaohezhi Co., Ltd. from Ke | Yunnan Provincial Yaozhi Department Information Technology Area | 2020312 | 1000000 | Scientific Internet access and
s | Enterprise | Non-confidential "| Technical Service Contract Chengdu Financial Control Data Service Co., Ltd. | Chengdu Financial Control Data Service Co., Ltd. | 20203 oooo oo. | Providing litigation prevention information reporting platform Naotou testing services
s6 | Public Security | Unclassified "| Product Sales Contract Shandong Guangwu Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Kidang City Public Security Bureau for Security 2 | o20623. | heazoooo. | Android MG Year) Yes
5 Customs | Non-confidential "| Product Sales Contract Dalian Customs, People's Republic of China. | Dalian Haicong, People's Republic of China | 2020720. | eoooo oo. | 1 set of AS medical name anti-stagnation, 1 scientific Internet box won | Zhu Xiaoru
(One year free after-sales service for each)
Individual soldier tool box 7.92W,
National name moisture-proof flat 15.84w
Network probe fingerprint system 16.83W
Email encryption platform 297W
| wiNpows optical path control management system 14.8302W
Nux and remote control management system 13.365w
Ac remote control management system 9 801V
Automated small penetration test platform 297W
Erpu Fu) | aaas704 00 ( | Android remote control management system 17.523W,
58 |Pw-azozoceoraook |People's Security |Internal "|Lahuan Procurement Contract Shandong Youwu Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Laping City Public Security Bureau jzo7as 0 "|Family and 1 Chen
Full-standard mobile phone number retrieval equipment 24.75W
| wir non-inductive implants and devices 19.305W
| wir close to the rose shooting equipment 792w
Network traffic anti-pumping system 15.84wW
winer control forensics platform 17.82W
Shensuanzikou full cracking platform 1188W
Cloud intelligence analysis and decision-making platform 19.602
Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System 891W
ED Public Security Bureau | Network Department | Fundamental Technical Services Duotong Danyang City Public Security Bureau Luoyang City Public Security Bureau 683 86000000 | Provide website receipt services to the annual store Benben
6 Public Security | Non-confidential “|Technical Service Contract of Dadi Enterprise Hernia Makeup Detachment of Quanzuo City Public Security Bureau Online Makeup Detachment of Daduo City Public Security Bureau ozos soooo oo | Provide a technical training service Qiang Shewang



























Provide one-year identity protection technical services (anonymous payment





























































































6 [ozooaoo Security | Unclassified "| "Technical Service Contract" 1 New Haikou Security Bureau oos Tooo All Rooms and Chengru
0th sub-original membership right is from Zhongshou Village|

62 7 Enterprise | Non-confidential Procurement Contract (Tender 2) Yunnan Yunsi Technology Co., Ltd. Yunnan Yunsi Technology Co., Ltd. 2020.9.29 260000.00 1 set of traffic forensic analysis machine 22w Jiashan
63 Attack Public Security | Unclassified " | Scientific Internet Box Sales Taitong Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture Public Security Bureau Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture Public Security Bureau 2020.9 52000.00 2 sets of Scientific Internet Box Luoshan
6 Security | Internal "| Overseas planning and leasing terminology Xinjiang Oasis Economic Research Institute Xinjiang Oasis Economic Research Institute 2ozoa0 |izooooo0 | Overseas planning and leasing? King
6 Security | Non-confidential | Product Sales Contract Jiangfang Quanxin Security Technology Co., Ltd. |Jiangli Quanxin Security Technology Co., Ltd. |2020.12.3. |14oo0 00. |Scientific Internet Letter? Set Chen Chan
6 Public | Basic | Product List Sales Gutong Second City Public Security Bureau Second City Public Security Bureau PINEEIETEEEE Arrive
6 | Full | Non-confidential "| Dedicated mailbox evidence collection platform purchased from Chongqing Institute of Social Issues Chongqing Institute of Social Issues: 02031116 | 69500000 | ewAlu email collection platform requires CO year) medical code
6 |/ Public Security | Unclassified "|Technical Service Contract Obligatory Municipal Public Security Bureau Wenwu Municipal Public Security Bureau:ozoloa6 eaooooo. |生生本技术民生2201016 Qiang Chaipei

Zhi 3 updates 2 ash every month, Wu Zhang offers 10- =
6 small public security | internal "| technical service contract Erxuan Hainan Provincial Public Security Department oot | Paaooooo | this" Gongsheng 2 servants, Quan and above.
7 security | draw stack | products many believe ancient comrade and ET 1 jas00000 | Avsl set in
7 |csoo Enterprise |Non-confidential "|Software Development Contract Interworking |o Yes |oonta0 |bssooooo |soorunwsa Rights Management Desk Chen Cheng
7 |/Public Security |Non-confidential "|Product Purchase and Sales Contract Fujian Shitong Information Industry Development Co., Ltd. Shantou Company Complete Edition ozolzao. |soooooo. |Individual Toolbox] Set Zhou Weiwei
7 Public Security | Non-window" | Technical Service Contract Yancheng City Public Security Bureau Yanchang City Public Security Bureau :ozonll> . |zaoo oo . |Network area practical skills competition platform construction and guarantee. |Chen Cheng
2 small E can EFEFEEEEE The people's livelihood is in the 750D department | The Chinese people's benefits are in the 75012 department | 202012 | 46000060 | Tian SSG This certificate

Bee Yinxun
xs security | non-confidential "|Technical Service Contract Shenzhen Daoda Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Yunnan Provincial Department of Security Information Technology Division | 2021.1 ooooo. | Benhehetian (he|
4. Brush Ying Kai Wu and Xin Chopsticks Gu Xiu Limited Jun | Hexue Online Giving Birth 52W
76 Public Security | Non-Village | Product Sales Contract and Kunming Public Security Bureau: oaze aaooooo | There is a kind of words 52 in aaaw | My book
7 Public |Basic”|Technical Dawu La Baguan City Public Cosmetics Bureau Xiatian City Public Transport Bureau :Das |issoooog |Case Support Technology Project Support Service Medical
7 Enterprise | Unclassified ” | Network Equipment Security Test Project Beijing Institute of Computer Technology and Applications ” | Beijing Computer Technology and Application Research Institute | 202124 | s5soooooo0 | County Quanhe 6 Quan “|Close Axis
7 | Public Security | Unclassified "| Purchase and bear all the same Anhui District Chuangxuneng Technology Co., Ltd. | Banhu City Public Security Bureau:ora. | sooooooo | If you want to enter the sixth county, send people away and add them to the county tax" | Mountain
ED FEEE3 and FEEESEEE Yunnan Provincial Public Department Yunbing Provincial Public Security Department aa0 |5000000 |Name change support kit
sa |/ Public Security | Non-confidential_| Product Sales Contract Chongqing Anquwanggeihe Technology Co., Ltd. | Chongqing Public Security Bureau: 21327 | so00o00 jcv and Zhu Shitian
organically

sa | Enterprise | Non-confidential "| Product Sales Contract Chengdu Fuxuefu Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Chengdu Quanheheyou people | xoz1a:soooo oo. | Yaming Payment Suite 1 set World
sa | Public Security | Non-observant "| Technical Service Contract Dali City Public Security Bureau Dali City Public Security Bureau: ol46 | oooooo oo | Data acquisition and analysis services for Internet-related crime platforms | Chen Cheng
sa | Enterprise | Non-confidential "| Procurement Contract Beijing Guoxin'an Information Technology Co., Ltd. " | Beijing Guoxin'an Information Technology Co., Ltd. | 021.5.10. |1086000 00 |Network Xiaotou Test System De Luxun
Ding | Asarcehrog |人雪 |Basic, |Products are spicy Chengsheng Ansi Li Technology Co., Ltd. Second Family Planning asa |iaeoooo0 |Ji Zhao Cancer Multi-layered and Hard Imitation Liuji (ANS) |Emperor
a6 Public Security | Non-confidential_ | Product Sales Contract Hunan Yingjie Network Technology Co., Ltd. | Houyang Public Security Bureau: 21527 | 15000000 | Symptom 2 Toolbar: Big Weekly Effect
5 | Public Security | Uninstructed, | Special Asset Purchase Project Contract Anhui Cloud Discovery Network Technology Co., Ltd. " | Hefei Public Security Bureau: oza62a. | 4sgsoooo. | Network insertion probe equipment E
3 EEEEE FE EREEIREEEEE ETREEEEE Shouwangwm 二要本本物7 Yu

ER Village View Communication and Feedback Writing System [Overview] 977
as | Public Security | #要 | Xinrenxiangjinggao and Wangji machine products | Yushen City Public Security Bureau Yuxi City Public Security Bureau :oa7z2a |hessooo jw History

Xiang Hesheng TI Hou Rui Internet line (service 1517sw

s Public Security |#本|和和1 (| mi City Public Security Bureau Yueneng Branch Zhenjiang City Public Security Bureau Yuehe Branch :oa7z. ooo |m
Responsibility Emor Snow Public|Basic | (Withdraw jade service spicy》 1 in ES 1 | 000000 | Attack can be with full service 5
92 7 Public Security | Unclassified "| Cooperation Agreement Shanwei Municipal Public Security Bureau Internet Police Detachment Shanwei Municipal Public Security Bureau Network Detachment | 2021.9.6 25500.00 Scientific Internet Box*3 Zhu Liaoxiaojuan
Submission aa will be done |Basic_|Extensive team work, ERS spicy, until someone settles the situation asaa io006000 |Ten times of technical 2J service begging Chi Bawang







Netshen Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.



Twitter social media information tracking system service (Twitter

er control forensics platform) 20.7W

















































































94. | wwrzozaoso7ooll|Public Security |Unclassified "|Technical Service Contract 8 Guisa City Public Security Bureau:oaze7 | aaseoooo Sample Minfeng Reporting System Service |Jicheng
Yi Er and Huang Yu harmed 55 BC TV small two points
85 |zswzoao |人 |#蜀|Same as ms Taizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau Biaofang Municipal Public Security Bureau oas6. |-a7zeooooo |Analysis of platform 377W, Telegram collection and Meidi system |Ji Rang
System 30.1W, social work service 30W
s6 Public Security | Unconfidential "|Product Sales Contract Jiezhuang City Public Security Bureau Guozhuang City Public Security Bureau :oasaa |aooooo Section Section and Division MO 3 (please
97 |Various OA numbers |Public Security |Non-confidential "|Product Sales Contract Zhenjiang Municipal Public Security Bureau Suojiang Municipal Public Security Bureau ol1o22. |2e18oo.oo. |Regularly provide relevant direction QB data
Windows playing process reported Ying management department playing 32.1W
s |/ Public Security | Non-Window "| Product Sales Contract Buguan City Public Security Bureau Buguan City Public Security Bureau: oaao20. | saooo oo. | Anonymous moisture-proof straw 12w strip Hongxu
Xizhixiao returns to work and loses his computer
99 |swzoztwAswvoos |Public Security |Unclassified |Product Sales Contract Citywide Public Security Bureau Citywide Public Security Bureau :oaao2. |Paoooo |Y 0e people
lo | Public Security | Non-confidential "|Technical Service Contract Dali Prefecture Xiangyun County Public Security Bureau Dali Prefecture Xingqu County Public Security Bureau:oaaa> Poooooo |He 2 Tiansuo Service【Deji
lo | zwzozaog | 4 an | rich | Poza special tr and planned construction attack Information Technology Co., Ltd. | Taizhou Public Security Bureau:oaaa9. . |ssoooooo. |Twitter Anti-examination Evidence Collection System Chen Qing
Far - Yao Zhi | Tian Ben_ | Yan Pin and Xia Tong enter Xia Ben Hui Zi and Tian R Ke | Two Bureaus js in60000 | Tiaochi Internet Book] Health 2
103 |wrewswwF2aoas|Public Security |Internal "|Tanfang City Public Security Bureau Technical Investigation Information Service Project. |Tanfang City Public Security Bureau Weifang City Public Security Bureau:oazs. Pueoooo The first half of 5 and Youqing arrived|
Recommended algae series spit 35W
Taegram migration evidence collection and investigation system 50w
Automated penetration testing platform 4W
104 "|Tz6AC2021hH006 Public Security | Internal | Taizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau Special Offense and Defense Project Taizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau Taizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau 2021.11.27. | 2600000.00 | Network offensive and defensive training platform 6ow Qiang Zipei
Defect Internet service 2W
Website penetration service 38W
Social engineering data mining and accounting system 30W_
Ten things to do |Two copies|Village copies must be used together with S District Yuxiu Hanjiang Research Institute FREE EDEEESEEECETTS) ER
, Kunming City Discipline Committee | China Niming City Discipline Committee;
1 Government |Internal "|Product sales contract Our public servants are all public Quanfu Village Yao|2o211z>. |esaooo oo. | Electronic data forensics, call bill analysis system Luoshan
[waows This controlled extraction management is not unified 231W
Network Lifetime Thread Probe System 15W
High performance workstation 63w
Camera 0.6W
Jiuquan City Public Security Bureau’s special network security equipment procurement project has gained technical glory
7 4安|#Brown lice "|Jiutiao City Public Security Bureau Jiuyou Municipal Public Security Bureau: 2ozaaz34. | saoooooo. |Chenglihan Water Permeability Policy Website Lan Zheping
Longji Taiwai social media account
District branch office
Provide network threat intelligence and network case intelligence
Emails of overseas institutions and political groups
Online offensive and defensive practical training services
ET People Want |Basic_ |Two Keying employees worked on the mining code, the Huangdu Branch of the Municipal Public Bureau, the yellow bag of the Cosmetics Bureau, 1 06000 | Ju F went up, and then R shame again Saba Er
lo | Enterprise | Non-confidential | Module test platform development won the award Beijing Institute of Computer Technology and Applications "|Beijing Institute of Computer Technology and Applications | 2020 19.. | 1970000.00 | Zaiguan Test Platform Chen Cheng
ED is currently working |Basic stack|The final network of professional attack files is at 22 Youwang Shixiagurensi | Page] Li Congzhuang Hall 0 ja6600000 | Two Districts 5 Big Red Model Sessions This
321 Technical Evaluation | Non-confidential "Technical Service Wang Xuan Chengdu Ansili Technology Co., Ltd. Ningbo Gongshiqi 2 182100.00 | The best service for the technical support is
12 |
5 in 2 | Basic | Technical services for Hangzhou Guoyahe Technology Co., Ltd. |
24 Government | Unclassified” | Technical services in the same Hangzhou Guopuli Technology Co., Ltd. |











Sleepy, [this RETTE
/ Government | Unclassified "|Customized software development contract / Only six municipal disciplinary inspection committees inspected village committees | Received handover report |:o000 (customized

committee office)

It is the customized mini program development project of Ming Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection Luoshan



Usage: 10W, scientific
Internet box 1.2W, anonymous Internet traffic card, environment
External servers, dedicated mobile phones, virtual machine software,
Genuine restoration software

1/ Government | Unclassified “|Technical Service Contract Lang Lili Lishui Public Security Bureau 2022.1.29 162200





Chen Cheng (Party A
leadership change
The project is temporarily suspended
end)

1/ Government | Unclassified “| Cloud Computing Services Chishan Lai and Hui Autonomous County Public Security Bureau Xushan Lai and Hui Autonomous County Public Security Bureau |/ 400000 Cloud Computing Services



1/ Government | Unclassified_ | Technical Detective Antao Go gb



Houdong City Public Security Bureau 2022.4.18, 143000 Yao Chen Jiahe Memorial Yan Zi

Di Gong Shang Xi TW, NV Play 2 =
2022.4.20 100000 agent account high-performance dedicated Internet terminal equipment 5 | Qiang Ziji



1/Government |Unclassified “|Product Sales Contract









New embedded devices, website automation penetration system
system, firewall, Internet behavior management, intrusion prevention
Royal automated network fingerprint scanning system, special control equipment
Prepare -
window, remote control management system, special control device
name-

oz1-013-.1

ruler
Inside

Unconfidential "|Government Procurement Contract (Goods) Yangzhou Public Security Bureau Yangzhou Public Security Bureau 2022.6 3340000 Mac remote control management system, distributed clinical investigation | Cao Fei
System probe, social work library provincial department division time

Chat account tracing, special investigation telegram secret weapons,

TV on the second floor, TV in the corridor, all-in-one conference machine,

Laser TV `Printer", Shredder

Safes, monitors, telecommunications Internet lines, mobile phones

Mobile Internet lines, hidden Internet lines

































































4. Contract number Contract name Signing party Corresponding sales items Signing time Contract amount Product description

1 52000233/1215000 "Purchase Contract" Department of Information Security Information Security Technology Bureau 2016.01.11 874360.00 SC-CG20150022 Project

2 2 5000616/1215000 "Purchase Contract" Learn from Yueming Hand-Moved Information Security Technology 2016.01.11 895800.00 SC-CG20150076 Project

3 |/ "Contract for the Sale of Goods" Jiangsu Longchuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. 2017.2 20000.00 Firewall

4 1/person Hangzhou Yagu Technology Co., Ltd. 2018.6.25 111199.00 Yagu mobile terminal remote control software

5 "|2zo18o62802 "Technical Service Contract" Jinan Ruite Security Equipment Co., Ltd. 2018.6 10000.00 Obtain specific email data service

6 "|2o18092001 "Technical Service Contract" Shaanxi Xiangxiang Network Technology Co., Ltd. 2018.9 160000.00 Data acquisition service

7 "|2o190505o01 "Technical Service Consulting Contract" | Fujian Zhongrui Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. 20195 120000.00 Sharp Eye Data Analysis Service

8 "|2o19041201 "Technical Service Contract" Yunnan Paitu Technology Co., Ltd. 2019.4 46650.00 Maoya browser and network camera

9 |stshrleo7o04 Secondary Effect Avoidance Analysis Platform Erguang Chengdu Silisi Network Technology Co., Ltd. 20198 750000.00 Heliu Loukou Analysis Full Allowance

10 |/ Technical Service Contract China Tiancheng Physics Research Program Vigor and Practical Erhe District Xinzhi Eryou 2020.1.3 18000.00 Stroke Six Functions and
Customized projects, 46.9W project software testing services

11 |/ Software Development Entrustment Contract Si Xuji 20205 450000.00 PCM Development

12 |/ "Technical Service Contract" Jinan Lihuaruite Information Technology Co., Ltd. "|Luoyang Netsecurity 38W 2020.8.14 120000.00 Data acquisition service

14 |zw-2020-CG071001 "|Software Sales Contract Shanghai Tanze Information Technology Co., Ltd. Lhasa 333.5704w 2020.9.3 100000.00 Detection System V40 One

15 |2018GFTJ006-03 Software Sales Contract Shanghai Tanze Information Technology Co., Ltd. Yancheng 177W 2020.9.3 300000.00 More Detection System V4.0 Three

16 |/ The relevant terms and conditions of the purchase and sale contract are by nature Yunnan Provincial Department 26W 2020.12 168000.00 Service and 6400 Ke Lai website point ordering

17 |/ Service Agreement Henderson (Shandong) Information Consulting Co., Ltd." | Chongqing 695W 2021.1 93000.00 Service






























































18 |/ Procurement Contract Xu Yuechuan Sichuan Xinxing 39.5W 2020.12.28 343650.00 Atom remote management software

19 |/ Technical Service Contract Chengdu Silisi Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Computer 580W 2021.2.4 5510000.00 |Network Equipment Security Test Project

20 |/ Procurement Contract Yunnan Snairui Technology Co., Ltd. Kunming GA (Meiya) 38.6W 2021.2.4 300000.00 Qi’anxin Netshen Response Analysis and Disposal System

21 |/ Technical Service Contract China Military Information Co., Ltd. Guoanxin 108.6W 2021.5.13 631500.00 System testing, demand demonstration

22 |TzsM202103 Procurement Contract Hunan Bingyu Network Technology Co., Ltd. Taizhou 137.6W 2021.5.6 386144.00 Twitter landing analysis platform

23 Technology development (entrustment) contract |Chengdu Gongwu Keyun Technology Co., Ltd. |Only deducted from the district Benge |oz1s20. |sooooo. |Technical resources Qingchang

24 |TzsM202103 Procurement Contract Nanjing Fengxing Sky Communication Development Co., Ltd. ”|Taizhou 137.6W 2021.5.6 287858.00 Social work service for 1 year

25 Procurement Contract Shenzhen Huachun Network Security Technology Co., Ltd. Lhasa 333.5704w 20215 100000.00 Linux Host Management System V1.0

26 Procurement Contract Nanchang Peninsula Information Technology Co., Ltd. Yatan GAI 113.49W 2021.7.20 420000.00 Quanquan Quanren under the certification training
27 0 Procurement Contract Yes Luohe Chuan Co., Ltd. Silicon Seal | Datan cl 113.49w 2021.7.6 98000.00 Hezhan Youquan has two upper-level information. This "full
28 |/ Procurement Contract Suzhou Hongxun Software Technology Co., Ltd. Yatan GAI 113.49W 2021.8.26 170000.00 Agile reporting system for overseas harmful information samples*2
29 |/ Procurement Contract Hunan Yifang Software Co., Ltd. Yatan GAI 113.49W 2021.8.6 180000.00 Internet and Sentiment Detection System

30 |/ Procurement Contract Chengdu Times Tianyi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. "| Lhasa 333.5704w 2020.7.17 106900.00 Shengshengpuquanxiahe "Apple mobile phone Apple i
31 |/ Purchase Contract Sichuan Jihua Technology Co., Ltd. Lhasa 333.5704w 2020.12.28 1850.00 Switch

32 |HH20200700002 "Product Sales Contract" Tibet Huahui Innovation Technology Development Co., Ltd. "|Lhasa 333.5704w 2020.7 279580.00 people
33 |/ "Technical Services Procurement Contract" | Sichuan Jinzhishi Technology Co., Ltd. Yuxi 19.8W 2021.7.23 186000.00 Hewai Social Account 3 Chen Check System "Concealed Internet Access
34 |/ "Product Sales Contract" Xiamen Ansheng Network Technology Co., Ltd. Yatan GAI 113.49W 2021.7.21 160000.00 Internet remote reconnaissance and evidence collection system

35 |/ Computer Procurement Contract Chengdu Zhitong Jiaye Technology Co., Ltd. Shaoguan 44.1W 2021.11.3 23000.00 Lenovo Computer

36 |/ Procurement Contract Xiamen Ansheng Network Technology Co., Ltd. Taizhou 137.6W, 2021.5.19 287858.00 Telegram acquisition and landing system



















































37 |/ Technical Service Procurement Contract Sichuan Yaoli Information Technology Co., Ltd. Hefei 49.85W 2021.11.18 40000.00 Data acquisition service
38 |/ Procurement Contract Yunnan Huajie Technology Co., Ltd. Kunming 49.8W 2021.12.10 448200.00 Electronic data forensics, call note analysis system
TI下功TOGm3T-9V BITZ
W)
2. Taizhou GAJ260W 〈Qiang Zipei 2
.5W)
3 Jiuquan City GAJ45.1W (Jing Zheping
Personnel Bureau 1, Division 25wW), ,
39 |/ Technical Service Contract Anhui Cloud Discovery Network Technology Co., Ltd. 4 Shaoguang City 6AJ441W (Zhu Xiaojuan | 2021.12.23 14500.00 T was checked 500 times, TG was checked 500 times
25W)
5 Anhui Cloud Exploration 49.85W <Luoshan
25W)
6. Xi’an unfinished project (Li Fengwei 2
SMWAI)
40 |/ Procurement Contract Hangzhou Zhining Information Technology Co., Ltd. Taizhou Huangyan 22w Project 2021.12.24 14285.00 Overseas account support service
41 1/ Procurement Contract Chengdu Silisi Network Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Computer 197W Project 2020.1.7 1871500.00 | Fuzz Testing Platform
42 |/ Procurement Contract Hangzhou Zhishun Technology Co., Ltd. Taizhou 2560Ww Project 2021.12 350000.00 Twitter Logging System
43 |/ Product Procurement Contract Beijing Jiuzhi Shengshi Technology Co., Ltd. Jiuquan 45.1W Project 2022.1.6 58000.00 Dell Graphics Workstation
44 |/ Product Procurement Contract Chengdu Baishijia Technology Co., Ltd. Liangshan Project 2022.1.6 4200.00 Trend Killing Software
45 |NTH-22-002 Procurement Contract Third Research Institute of the Ministry of Public Security Taizhou 2560W Project 2022.1.20 480000.00 China Unicom Tool Remote Evidence Inquiry System
Shanghai Yunxi Information Technology Co., Ltd. Erjia Shirangli Nobuhiko
46 |zS202201140002 Company Authorized Partner Agreement Shanghai Yunxi Information Technology Co., Ltd. / 2022.1.14 20000.00 Authorized ZStack product sales authority
47 people Procurement contract Chengdu Aike Technology Industrial Co., Ltd. Electronic Technology (Sichuan Provincial Department) 40wW 2021.11.16 63000.00 Server NF5280M5
48 |/ Technical Service Procurement Contract Shenzhen Sijiacheng Technology Co., Ltd. Shaoguan 44.1W Project 2022.2.25 100000.00 Designated site data service
49 Procurement Contract Chengdu Sulinya Trading Technology Co., Ltd. Lishui 16.22w Project 2022.4.1 2280.00 Original Toner Cartridge
50 Procurement Contract Chengdu Times Tianyi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. "|Lishui 16.22w Project 2022.4.1 16500.00 Apple Computer





















51 |cpNMSsl2022-5 Procurement Contract Chengdu Chugfeng Technology Co., Ltd. Bureau East 14.3W Project 2022.5.20 9900.00 ASUS Computer

















Contract number Contract name Party A Party B Signing time Description of matters
2017090301| "Exclusive Agency Agreement" Chengdu Chuangan Jiadun Technology Co., Ltd. Sichuan Antao 2017.9.3 Authorizes us to act as an agent for Windows remote forensics
Cooperation Agreement》Anhui Cloud Discovery Network Technology Co., Ltd. "|Sichuan Antao 2020.3.10 15W/Output Laboratory

2019080701



"National Computer Network and Information Security









Management Center Sichuan Branch Center Network Information
Security Technology Cooperation Framework Agreement

Computer network and information security management
Management Center Sichuan Branch



2019.08.07

Support Party A’s various network information security work



Examination for registered information security personnel in the field of offense and defense





Shen Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.



Registered Information Security Personnel Offense and Defense Field Examination





Test Center Authorized Training Institution Agreement | Co., Ltd. 202049 Center Authorized Training Institution Agreement
"Exclusive Agency Agreement" Chengdu Chuangan Jiadun Technology Co., Ltd. 20193.4 Chuangan Jiadun Security System VL.0
Strategic Cooperation Agreement Beijing Ruian Technology Co., Ltd. Antao 20201110 Regularly carry out market information and exchange experience
Research on Information System Software Vulnerability Technology |mj Xuetao Shisi Xuesi Network Technology Co., Ltd. | ,0 1 Beixun Family Planning Sow

Cooperation intention agreement



investment agreement

Anpin (Hainan) Investment Co., Ltd.

Zhongke Lian'an (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.

2022.1.10



Two parties: Hainan Mingsenmeng Technology Co., Ltd.
Ren company

















/ Technical Service Agreement Division Sichuan Antao 2022.2.23 Gambling Case Service
Go straight up 4 2 | Electronic data forensic identification, network security production
/ Technical Service Agreement Zhuhai Hengqin Yunzhi'an Technology Co., Ltd. "|Sichuan Antao 2022.3.10 Transformation of other technologies and capabilities
Technical Service Agreement Longnan Municipal Public Security Bureau Sichuan Antao 2022.3.9 Internet-related platform data













Site | This | Next (machine currency this JI Zheng Wei "| |

and yesterday 2 full: produce bark bark |

Encountered a hard time

Axis Bang Saigon|Book: 2" in 2

TI in

Station ET and
Down
Then Ming



-And Sheng Sheng by
Scholars shared other stories and were bored and prosperous.

bidding document













Project name: Electronic data and technical services in a certain direction













Bidding unit (signature and seal): XXXXXX Co., Ltd.









December 2021













Work company location location, work company location









Location area, working company location and geographical location,







on 1
Wu
world
Again

Location address, street address, work company











Company location, zip code, work company location









Country, job company location, continent, job start







Date, work summary, place name, specific



area, street address location, street address of





Location 2 lines, area zip code, geography





Location, last updated location, LinkedIn contact







formula, expected salary, expected years of work experience







Number, phone number, email, hobbies, skills,





Also name, region, country, street address,











Work experience, education, personal files, qualifications

Certificate, language







Electricity in a certain direction
subdatab







g file code, family identification number, name
Names sorted by alpha, phonetic pronunciation
First name, last name, last name sorted by alpha
Surname, phonetically pronounced surname, address, press
alpha sorted address, city, city
Phrases, cities sorted by alpha, cities
state, state by alpha, zip code





First five digits, last four digits of zip code, carrier







250，000, 00



2019/1/3 to

2020/117/1













Route, delivery location, mail sub-code, location
Management level code, latitude, longitude, time zone code

net





code, county code, county name, core statistical area





Field code, core statistical area name, phone number
sign, indian gender code, indian
Ranking code of number of households, Indians
Minority code, Indian political party code





code, family income code, family income range





code for family median income, family median







Income range, middle income code, middle











Income range, personal income code, individual





Income range, donation ability code, address number







code, street name, street suffix, state and city
Address number plate, tax control mark, postable



Send logo, unique geographical location mark, production
Date, latitude and longitude, geographic latitude and longitude, market
Marketing, can be mailed, can be called, can be mailed, can be

Call, nine-digit postal code, ten-digit postal code





One digit, the last four digits of the postal code exist, and the address





owner, green life logo, version, longitude







Coordinates, latitude coordinates, number of bathrooms,



















Family house area, family house area code





street name forward, street name backward, chen
Number of rooms, housing type code, secondary name

Secondary number, home property type code, home























Call from a certain direction | Name, date of birth, time, ID number 2020/3/1 to
3                                           23, 000, 000
Subdata c ” | code, passport number, entry and exit records 2021/10/25
4. Business documents
4.1. Project service plan
In order to protect your legitimate rights and interests and avoid worries, our company has made an enforcement decision to the user unit.

















The ability to follow the standard warranty service terms and purchase the product at the user's unit
About after-sales service.

4. 1. 1. Technical support principles







and provide relevant services in accordance with the contract

1) In order to ensure the after-sales quality of this project, our company will send professional after-sales engineers to carry out this project.







Localized services provide users with stable after-sales guarantee.



















2) When a user encounters a malfunction during normal use, please call our national unified service hotline to report











If you need to repair it, we will provide unlimited telephone technical support services.

















3) Provide 7*24 hours hotline technical support; during critical periods, follow









Current issues need to be resolved within 1 hour.
4.1. 2. Service goals

If the user requires manual guarding, the



In the construction of this project, we will strictly adhere to quality-oriented, customer first, excellence and dedicated service.

After-sales service policy, the overall satisfaction of project after-sales service is greater than 95%
After-sales service commitment to provide user units with satisfactory and efficient after-sales service.
Throughout the project phase, the after-sales service engineer conducts project surveys



















To serve project goals, based on sales

Table, after-sales service quality, faults

Track and evaluate response time, etc., and generate and save relevant after-sales service record forms.





4. 1. 3. Service content

From the date of acceptance, it will be provided for 1 student



1D) Free upgrade and update services are provided for software related to the entire project.
2) Free maintenance services are provided for the hardware related to the entire project.

3) Provide 7*24 hours online service, and the failure response time is no more than 0. 5 hours.
Provide solutions within time. If the fault needs to be solved on site, a professional engineer will be dispatched within 12 hours.

on-site and troubleshoot. Technical support services are provided in no less than the following 5 ways: telephone, email,



Remote video, on-site service.









After the project is completed,



Provide complete technical information to the customer, including equipment random information, application

















Programs and media,







During the construction of this project, if you encounter 5
, our company will dispatch a professional after-sales engineer within 8 hours.













household manual,
4.1.4. Emergency response plan

Administrator manual, installation guide, etc.











Free after-sales maintenance services, including;

And in 1 hour

Arrival in Yenei
fax,











Account documentation.



Software source









caused by









4.1. 5. Major failure emergency plan



During the construction of this project, if
Shi Nei Pai Yi’s professional after-sales engineering







, our company will be in 4 hours

















The products and services purchased by the household unit cannot be used normally.
customer to resolve the fault.







hard





Caused by Wangda failure















Product spare parts are provided free of charge to











,ensure



Toma



The teacher is
bit,















Business is carried out normally.







4 and 2. Project Service Commitment
In order to ensure the success of this project
FE, under warranty

1) The project warranty period is three months







E is always running,



and upgrades, and equipped with sufficient spare parts,











Our company solemnly makes the following
Within our company
for timely maintenance. Equipment warranty



promise;



The products and services purchased by the household unit cannot be used normally.
Customers can solve the problem and provide purchased products at the same time.



Free maintenance on all software and hardware











defects in quality or construction quality.

2) During the equipment installation, our company 1
Provide technical training and be able to promptly go to the installation site to handle abnormal equipment problems.
If it fails, our company provides free replacement service.



any deficiencies or malfunctions
dispatched professional and technical personnel,





Our company is responsible.









,right





Goods
on products









household







for
. Warranty

paralyzed









3) If any malfunction or problem occurs, our company will provide



For faults or problems that are solved remotely, our company will send a specialist

If the fault cannot be rectified within 24 hours, our company will provide it free of charge





Technical staff available 24 hours













Same grade

Xing





Yes, if





Provide technical advice and
If something goes wrong with the equipment
Ye provides 24/7 free technical support services.

The technical response time is no more than 1 hour



Unable to appear



For use by purchasers

Rush to the scene if









. If encountered













When major problems occur in the system, they will be completely resolved within 3 days. Due to the construction, installation, commissioning and maintenance of this project
Due to the particularity, our company will set up a 24-hour service and maintenance team and equip it with a professional after-sales maintenance manager
reason.

4) During the warranty period, in order to ensure the safety of the system, our company provides inspections once a quarter and performs maintenance inspections.
Evaluate and analyze the overall operating status of the software and hardware equipment within the facility, and fill in the equipment operating status assessment report. patrol
The inspection content includes: Checking the current operating status and resource usage of the equipment; Checking the system and equipment operating status; Inspecting
Check the system security status.
5) Any deficiencies and malfunctions of the system due to design and defects within the warranty and free maintenance will be covered by us.
The company will provide timely upgrade services to ensure the normal operation of user unit systems.

4. 3. Supplier’s performance in the past 2 years and current performance
contract status

















ES



































































4 4. Other content that the supplier thinks needs to be explained















record



















1. Qualification documents.1 3
1. 1. Copy of business license or registration certificate of private non-enterprise unit (copy with official seal of the unit) ....... 3
1. 2. Authorization letter of legal representative and ID card of the authorized representative (copy with official seal of the unit), .………………. 3
1. 3. Proof that the supplier pays social security in accordance with the law (any one of the six months before the deadline for submitting quotation documents)
Monthly social security payment certificate) 3
1. 4. The supplier’s tax payment certificate in accordance with the law (any month out of the six months before the deadline for submitting quotation documents)
Tax payment certificate (certificate of tax payment according to law) 3
1.5. From January 1, 2019 to present, the supplier has relevant proof that it has no major illegal records in its business activities. . 3
1. 6. The supplier provides the financial status report for 2019 or 2020 (copy with official seal of the unit),... 3
1.7. If the price of products of small and micro enterprises needs to be deducted, they must provide: Four "Declaration Letters from Small and Medium Enterprises" Practitioners
Statement Letter", @Copies of the balance sheet and profit and loss statement of the previous year, @@Chinese version issued by the competent authority of the place where the enterprise is registered
Certification materials for small businesses. If the bidder is a prison enterprise, he must provide the Prison Administration Bureau and the Drug Rehabilitation Administration Bureau at or above the provincial level.
A copy of the document proving that it belongs to the prison enterprise issued by Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps,. 4
1.8, Supplier confidentiality commitment letter. 4
1. 9. Other relevant supporting documents that the supplier deems necessary to submit. .pp 4
2. Quotation form. 5
2.1, Quotation Letter. 5
2.2, Quotation List. 6
2.3, itemized quotation details. 6
3. Technical documents 10
4. Business documents 13

1. Qualification documents
1.1. Copy of business license or registration certificate of private non-enterprise unit (photocopy
The document shall be stamped with the official seal of the unit)



1. 2. Letter of authorization of the legal representative and ID card of the authorized representative (copy
Stamped with the official seal of the unit);

1. 3. Proof that the supplier pays social security in accordance with the law (the deadline for submitting quotation documents is
Social security payment voucher for any month in the six months before the time),

1. 4. Tax payment certificate of supplier paying taxes in accordance with law (deadline for submitting quotation documents
Tax payment certificate for any month in the previous six months?;



1.5. From January 1, 2019 to present, the supplier has not
Relevant certificates of major illegal records.

> "Credit China Inquiry Screenshot



> Screenshot of query on China Government Tendering Website

1. 6. The supplier provides the financial status report for 2019 or 2020 (copy
The document shall be stamped with the official seal of the unit);



1. 7. If the price of products of small and micro enterprises needs to be deducted, they must provide:
Declaration Letter for Small Businesses" Declaration Letter for Employees @Previous Year's Assets and Liabilities
Copies of statements and profit and loss statements, small and medium-sized enterprises issued by the competent authorities of the place where the @@enterprise is registered
Enterprise certification materials, @If the bidder is a prison enterprise, it must provide provincial or above
Issued by the Prison Administration Bureau and the Drug Rehabilitation Administration (including Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps)
A copy of the document proving that it belongs to the prison enterprise;











1. 8. Supplier Confidentiality Commitment Letter
Supplier’s confidentiality commitment letter











Shandong Provincial Institute of Sustainable Development,



Our unit has been informed of various confidentiality systems and is aware of the confidentiality obligations and legal responsibilities it should bear. I am single
A solemn promise;

1. Conscientiously abide by national confidentiality laws, regulations and rules and perform confidentiality obligations;

2. Do not provide false unit information and voluntarily accept confidentiality review;

3. Do not record, store, or copy state secret information in violation of regulations, and do not retain state secret carriers in violation of regulations.
], not to disclose in any way the state secrets that they have come into contact with and know;

5. Articles involving state secrets shall not be published without review and approval by the state secrecy administrative department.

Violation of the above commitments will voluntarily bear all legal consequences.































Ben Feng Lu































Unit name: 〈seal)
Signature of legal representative:

1. 9. Other relevant supporting documents deemed necessary by the supplier.









After research, we decided to participate in the single-source procurement activity for electronic data and technical service projects in a certain direction and
Submit response file. To this end, we solemnly declare the following points and assume legal responsibility:

1. The response document submitted by us, one original and three copies;

2. If our response document is accepted, we will fulfill every item specified in the single source procurement
requirements, and complete the implementation of the project on time and with quality according to the commitments in our response documents,

3. We understand that the lowest quotation is not the only condition for closing the deal. You have the right to choose the supplier to close the deal.

















profit;





4. We are willing to fulfill all our responsibilities in accordance with the Civil Code Law of the People's Republic of China.
5. We agree to pay the deposit and transaction service fee as required by the documents, and abide by your organization’s requirements for this project.
Relevant provisions made;
6. Our response document is valid for 60 days from the date of submission;
7. If we do not become the transaction supplier, your organization has the right not to make any explanation;
8. All formal correspondence related to this quotation should be sent to:
Also address:
p government code:
Telephone:
fax:
Account opening unit:
Bank of deposit:
K number:
Supplier name (seal)
Signature of the legal representative (person in charge, etc.) or authorized representative:

















2. 2. Quotation List

Quotation List
Item Number:
Supplier name (stamped);
Signed by the supplier representative,



Quotation before negotiation Remarks



Lowercase: 10,8
Capital letters: Ji Shi Wan Ling and Shi Yuan Zhen







Unit: RMB (10,000 yuan)
Remark:
1. The supplier only fills in the pre-negotiation basic quotation column before negotiation.

2. In addition to being bound in the response document, this "Quotation List" needs to be sealed in three separate copies on the date of quotation.
Submit together with the response document.







Date; December 2021

2. 3. Itemized quotation details

Itemized quotation form
Item Number:

Supplier name (stamped);
Signature of the legal representative (and person in charge) or authorized representative;







Serial Number | "Service Content Remarks



























The main fields include: user identification number,







full name,
First Name, Middle Initial Middle Name, Last Name















Gender, year of birth, date of birth, user









Name, identification number, work email, mobile phone number





Industry, professional title, professional title role, job title,







Subordinate role, professional title level, working company knowledge





Alias, name of the company where you work, the company where you work





Company website, company size, work company













Founder, working company

six
At



horse





Number of electrons in a certain direction
According to a





LinkedIn identification number, company location name,









work company location location, work company location









Region, work company location, geographical location,









Work unit address, street address, work company









Location Postal Code `Work Company Location Country,

















Work company location, work start date,



Work summary, location name, specific location

Four



Street Address Location, Street Address Location Line 2,







Also include the district’s zip code, geographic location, and finally
Update location, LinkedIn contact information, job prospects





Qualifications, expected years of work experience, phone number,







Email, hobbies, skills, place name, place



51, 000.00









District, country, street address, work experience,











Educational qualifications, personal files, qualification certificates, language







Number of electrons in a certain direction
According to b





The main fields include, mail sub-code, family
Identification number, name, alpha sorted name,
Phonetically pronounced first name, last name, by alpha
Sorted last names, phonetically pronounced last names,
Address, address sorted by alpha, city,
Phrases for cities, cities sorted by alpha,
City, state by alpha, zip code





First five digits, last four digits of zip code, carrier





Route, delivery location, mail sub-code, location
Management level code, latitude, longitude, time zone code





code, county code, county name, core statistical area





Field code, core statistical area name, phone number
sign, indian gender code, indian
Ranking code for number of households, few Indians
ethnic minority code, Indian political party code,





Family income code, family income range





code for family middle income, family middle income







Income range, middle income code, middle income











Income range, personal income code, personal income





32, 000.00









Entry range, donation ability code, address number,







Street name, street suffix, state and city

Address number plate, tax control mark, postable



Send logo, unique geographical location mark, production

Date, latitude and longitude, geographical longitude and latitude, market

Marketing, can be mailed, can be called, can be mailed, can be

Call, nine-digit postal code, ten-digit postal code







One digit, the last four digits of the postal code exist, and the address







Coordinates, latitude coordinates, number of bathrooms,





The name of the road is forward, the street name is backward,

owner, green life logo, version, longitude

lie down

Number of rooms, housing type code, secondary name

Secondary number, home property type code,





Home

Family house area, family house area code









Number of electrons in a certain direction
According to c









The main fields include: name, date of birth,

Time, ID number, passport number, entry and exit

Record

25, 000.00







108, 000. 00





all

Technical documents











































































































































































3. 1. Project Overview
The company has a professional network attack and defense penetration team and a security research team, and with rich network penetration experience
Through experience and mature intelligence acquisition and implementation processes, it is oriented to domestic public security law enforcement departments and based on public security
According to the business needs of the department, perform intelligence acquisition tasks on specific targets to obtain key intelligence data on specific targets.
or network system permissions. The company provides oriented services through the mining, collision, collection and organization of overseas big data.
National cyber security agencies provide data mining services for certain specific targets. Combined with user unit network security work
Business needs, during the construction of this project, our company provides users with professional and reliable intelligence data support services, mainly
Contains electronic data a in a certain direction, electronic data b in a certain direction, and electronic data c in a certain direction to facilitate users to single-click
can quickly grasp the target communication network and the dynamics of the target direction.
3. 2. Data content
The construction of this project mainly includes the following data content:
Serial number | Service content Main fields Data volume (items) Start and end time
Account identification number, complete name,
First Name, Middle Initial Middle Name, Last Name
Gender, year of birth, date of birth, user
Name, identification number, work email, mobile phone number
A certain direction of electricity |Industry, professional title, professional title role, job title, 2018/4/9 to
1                               700，000, 00
Subdata a | Subordinate role, professional title level, working company identity 2022/2/17
Alias, name of the company where you work, the company where you work
Company website, company size, work company
Founder of company, company of work, company of work
LinkedIn identification number, company location name,



















"Choose your tickets or services"

Choose to visit Japan

Please note that Disney Concierge Services do not include park tickets. “Disney Concierge” as
A value-added service, the price will fluctuate.

Without consent, all contents included in the "Disney Concierge Service" are non-transferable and non-refundable.
Unless otherwise provided by law.

On the day of visiting the park, you must purchase a ticket if you are over 1.0 meters tall and 3 years old (inclusive) or older.

Before you enter Shanghai Disneyland, go to the Walt Disney Show in Disneytown
The hospital redeems your concierge service.







































September 2021 >》





RNSSS solid return
Kokuhan 2NS22NSRSNSNS2R

RNSRRSNSRSNSRSSNNSSQ



Optional” cannot be

@@ View important details

Add to Cart Buy Now









Twitter Xinjiang Situation Guidance and Control System





Product white paper

(2022 V1.0 version)

(material selection)











Click on the text material to view single selection or select all (all selected comments will be randomly assigned to comments from users who have successfully obtained evidence). Sure

















Then click "Comment" or "Forward", and the comment or forwarding is successful, as shown in the figure below:









Positive (3 items) Positive (0 items) Opposition (2 items)

Jiang ”select all | @@ bury boron











<”Reply number four plus

(Text material selection)





Click on the picture material. After confirmation, click "Comment" or "Forward". The comment or forwarding is successful, as shown in the figure below:































material)





Click on the video material, after confirmation, click "Comment" or "Forward", the comment or forwarding is successful, as follows





Several
Qin
;





77114

Titps3hwww :biibilcomjvideolav645922361?fedirectFrom=h5

https-/www bilibili com/videolav645922361?redirect From=h5



(Video material)

4.3.2 "Evidence collection list
Enter the evidence collection list, enter the original address in the original link box (the original link is the target and jump to the evidence collection target after clicking on the evidence collection link)

































URL of the page of interest), click "Select link type" (including normal link and Oauth link), and then click "Generate Forensic













Link", you can view the generated evidence link in the evidence list, and you can view, copy, export and delete the evidence link in detail.









Delete operation, as shown in the figure below:







also ne cite
RE two
to the
book ae book book book
Benqing mail
as two | medium can
aa LV|Ke|王|杀
as four
es plus
aa
ua day
aa 二|于|王
(evidence list)

8 /14













After attaching the evidence collection link through social engineering and sending it to the target Twitter account, when the target clicks on the evidence collection link, click the corresponding





























For details of the forensic link, you can view the target’s IP when clicking the forensic link, IP location, device type, browser version, and system version.



















This original link and click time facilitate further control of the target Twitter account, as shown in the figure below:















[ raap heng

Get i list - details (link htpsyumkveypvh)





(Forensic link details)
4.3.3 "Account List"
In the Twitter account list interface, the system supports viewing the forensic data and imported data quantity, and can select the target to retweet.

































For group control operations such as comments and likes, after the evidence collection is successful, the private message content of the target Twitter account in the past 30 days can be obtained for the first time.































After the first acquisition, the target's private message content will be obtained regularly every day, and the user name, account ID, and authorization time of the controlled account can be viewed at the same time.

























Email, source, expiration time, etc., as shown in the figure below:
In Be Division
Twitter account list-Shoukong IE



9 /14

(account list)



View private message

seat

Test new 4

2013.09-04 061G1G

Test update 5

2019.09.04 06:1G:20

Test update 56

2019.09-04 06:1 AH

three two please

Test update 7

2013.69-04 06.1Q 26

sarcasm

3 meet new 8

2019.00-04 06:1G28

Make a total of 11 crane letters)

(Get it via private message)









Click for details, remember

Available to view









Mark Twitter account)



Details of the tweet are as follows|



Goods









Monitoring personnel list details

Japan so me



like
Can

two

Solid plus Amnma

peo



Photos, videos (0 items)



Select multiple accounts on this page)







Group control operation, huge |







of improvement to

vanoec
two

Add"nn

vod
Bao "

scorpion"---

us

at 7041000

: two
Ba

Youessssnoooo

18 0 20 Saw and Quan District Shang Quan Fen Jing (0)

2300630 order book

18.0818 Booked

0 to Tan







(people







, click on the group control to jump directly to the emotional guidance control world |

View details)



times



,right

selected Twitter account)





















The efficiency of marking Twitter accounts for public opinion guidance and control is as follows:



Goods



Disclosure:



door to door

10 /14

E Ga memory

Twitter account list group control IE



1                                              sr |
Four mr H as aa RE
country omotoom available 2ee
day m |
at R             人
day on two
on。 R              oa
os. and
era addition
(Group control operation)
to Be day
| The doctor is available. I'm scared.

as





(Account group control)
4.3.4 "Group management
The platform supports grouping Twitter accounts that have obtained permissions to facilitate timely control and management of controlled Twitter accounts.





















To improve work efficiency, the group list includes special attention, ungrouped, grouped and new groups, as shown in the figure below:

11 714

forward
B

let
calcium



people 9

4 Main among the Six Guards of Withered Yellow



1 ] [9



(Group management)
4.4 Twitter information monitoring
Suspicion monitoring is mainly for key suspicious Twitter accounts. Users can directly add targets to the platform, and the platform can realize their matching with situations.

















































Automatic collection and analysis, and keywords can be set according to needs. Tweets posted by the tagged trigger keywords, and the system will trigger them in a timely manner.



























Remind the user to respond accordingly.
4.4.1 "Information Monitoring"
The platform can view the list of added monitors, and the tweet area on the right displays the user's latest 100 hours of tweets by default. Level at the same time































The platform supports multiple deletions and groupings of multiple monitoring personnel. Click on a single target account to view and load the tweets of the current account.





























Single page loading. At the same time, you can enter keywords in the promotion area to search for tweets containing keywords that have controlled targets. Click on the target, and there will be



































You can view the target’s tweets, followers, and followers, and you can view and download related tweets from the target Twitter account |















films and videos, and can





Got it









































Target fans and following users can be added to the monitoring target with one click.







12 /114

Pa EEC

aas auenrme and os people mn
usesactva wiiuuanausemraag each

pueae gesiinem 20 people yangfang

Meetreea tt mm re wearred wor mw oonpdanorrmm tomrereem



EN book

(with situation monitoring)

4.4.2 "Monitoring personnel list





















The platform supports viewing the monitored persons, and supports grouping, detailed viewing, information improvement and deletion. At the same time, through information improvement,
Supplement the Twitter registration email address, registration number, common IP, etc. After the supplement is completed, you can view the target’s information in the monitoring personnel list.











































Twitter account related information






people



(Monitoring personnel list)

4.4.3 "Group management
The platform supports grouping and viewing of monitoring targets, and unified grouping and management of monitoring personnel.















13 /14





(Group management)

4.5 “Material Management
The system supports batch addition, comment editing, adding materials in groups, and can modify and delete the added material content. white
Pictures and videos are convenient for commenting and forwarding operations.





































habit

Material management provides text and pictures for public opinion guidance and control

Complete

。     Re

One" to avoid two places

IE Ou Guang Wang Wang

have
(material management)
4.6 Operation history
The platform supports viewing the operation history list and importing the history list. The operation history list includes operation type, operation content, and log time.



time, the import history list includes the imported file name, import status, and import time. It also supports changing login password and email address.



14 /14

to Be station

Drag '5 History Import Coin History em Min





































(operation history)
Asian Four Teewe Day
Please go to aa
(Change password and add email address)
5” product parameters
Parameter Category Parameter Index
Forensic Links: Supports generating valid forensic links for original network links.
After clicking the evidence collection link, the page can jump to the original web page that generated the evidence collection link, or the page can jump to
Link loading
Go to the real login screen for that Twitter account
Two-step verification supports bypassing Twitter’s two-step verification mechanism. The target will not receive any security alerts after clicking the evidence collection link.
Traceless acquisition: Supports traceless acquisition of target Twitter private messages and other data
Login log: After successful evidence collection, the target account will not have a login log.
Platform compatibility: Compatible with chrome, IE, Firefox and other mainstream browsers
Account environment supports web version, android client and iOS client









15 /14

6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
The Twitter full situation guidance and control system is suitable for the network special investigation department to carry out public opinion monitoring and guidance and control of overseas Twitter targets and other operational activities.





























































In this scenario, the platform extracts target Twitter value information to achieve efficient management and supervision of Twitter public opinion control. Platform based on SaaS























For cloud services, users only need to log in to the platform through an authorized account to use it.
6.2 Deployment method
The Twitter and blog control systems have a B/S architecture. To ensure the security, stability, reliability and effective use of the entire platform, users need to use the platform

































fall







The client suite is deployed on overseas VPs. After the deployment is completed, the local client can log in and use it through an authorized account. VPS













Server and local client parameter requirements are as follows:



Configure environment environment parameters



CPU: dual core



Memory: no less than 4GB











Server configuration requirements Hard disk: no less than 100GB



Network bandwidth: no less than 2Mbps











Rent overseas cloud host to build















7” Product Advantages

> "Large amount of data

















The system currently runs no less than 100 million pieces of raw data every day, and supports real-time updates of available data every day; based on the submitted



































Tag information, query results will be returned in 3-5 minutes; query data is comprehensive, including registered email address, mobile phone number, common login location, etc., which is beneficial

























Immediately detect bad opinions, illegal public opinions, rumors and rumors, etc., and improve the ability of government departments to deal with situations and emergencies.
> Efficient Tang Chong Technology





















The Twitter and Sentiment Guidance and Control System supports the implementation of Sentiment Monitoring on target accounts, and uses distributed larvae technology to monitor target Twitter accounts.



















16 /14




The number is listened every 5-10 minutes and supports real-time alarm for keywords. Further improved the situation monitoring capabilities and improved the network investigation































The investigation department’s public opinion management methods for overseas Twitter platforms have effectively safeguarded the country’s image and at the same time promoted rational Internet and
Healthy emotional development.
> "Precise countermeasures



















Through the forensic link, the backend system can quickly log in to the target’s Twitter account to conduct situation-based guidance and control operations, without the need for the target’s



















































Account and password to lower the target’s vigilance and defense. After obtaining the target's permissions, you can take over the permissions of the target account and use it on Twitter





Comprehensive management and control of public opinion on Twitter, and comprehensive management and monitoring of public opinion on Twitter through sentiment guidance and control of their Twitter accounts
Supervision function to effectively prevent the spread and spread of illegal activities.

> "Exclusive technology
The platform is comprehensively developed and designed based on years of research on Twitter’s security mechanisms, and can directly bypass login IP, mobile phone verification





















Secondary verification such as ID code, the target does not actively perceive the whole process, and the target's personal data is obtained.

















17 /114





Home
4.2 คั่ม่าวิด้ว.eessesssssssnssnnsnnsnnsnnnnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssnsnsnnsnnns4
4.3 Twitter account
4.2.1 .”丑情密探 .esesssnsnnsnsnnsnnsnnssnnnnsnnsnnnnnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 5
4.2.2 ”トリーバーション .sssnsensnsnnsnnssnsnnnnnsnnnnnsnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
4.2.3 ” account list.
4.2.4 ” group management
44 Twitter 甘情电影
12
4.3.2 "Monitoring personnel list .errnnssnsnnssnsnnsnnsnnsnnsnnnnsnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsnnnnnna 13
4.3.3 ” group management
4.5 Material management.ee 14
14



6

6.1

6.2













1 Introduction







The Internet has become another important media after newspapers, radio, and television, and has become one of the main carriers of reflecting social public opinion.

























The unique interactivity in communication is something that these media did not have before, such as freedom of speech, exchange of opinions, etc.



It is even more incomparable.



































This kind of data shows that the number of netizens in our country is increasing. At the same time, it is precisely because of the active participation of netizens that the results of many events have occurred.





















The situation is changing, so the public security organs’ ability to guide and control the situation is crucial to maintaining social stability. Therefore, it is necessary to









and analyze the situation to control and guide. In this trend, for the government and public security agencies









Actively manage public opinions in a timely manner, follow up on public opinions, and guide a healthy and positive public opinion environment.





Guidance methods and countermeasures, and establishing and improving a long-term mechanism for public opinion guidance and control are essential for building a harmonious network.





Social stability has important theoretical and practical significance.









Ju Dai Information Technology Network



If you come to read it, it is necessary to conduct the main



Explore reasonable public opinion control,
network environment, so that maintenance







As a kind of soft power, network and intelligence control are playing an increasingly important role. And strengthen the health |



The alert page and countermeasures are to promote





To regulate public opinion, it is necessary to effectively regulate the content of social public opinion, grasp the direction of public opinion, and guide the power of public opinion. It is also important for realizing the relationship between party and government organs and the public





















It plays an immeasurable role in promoting two-way communication among the public and promoting social harmony. Internet sentiment is social sentiment.











Reflection, to grasp the situation on the Internet, just

It is necessary to realize that network and intelligence early warning and countermeasures are a systematic project, requiring the participation of statistics, United Front, civil affairs, public security and other departments, but as





The public security organs, the defenders of social stability, have a particularly special role in the entire social security prevention mechanism in providing early warning and countermeasures against online public opinion.



responsibilities.



Currently, Twitter has become a distribution center for netizens to exchange opinions and a platform for Internet public opinion governance.

Click on the object of interest, need to vote















We have invested a huge amount of material, human and financial resources to carry out all-round supervision and supervision, and eliminate various online illegal activities such as online rumors and online crimes.









To combat and stop. A "zero tolerance" attitude must be adopted against Internet rumors and Internet lawbreakers





















Fight resolutely and don’t spread rumors online

We provide soil and space for the spread of rumors, and jointly create a fresh online world where rumors are not spread, believed, or spread.





2 "Needs Analysis





In order to strengthen the initiative to control overseas social media and effectively target overseas social media in daily network special investigation work,





























Carry out network public opinion monitoring work on the Twitter platform. Build a public opinion guidance and control system for Twitter to meet the current needs







The needs of network special investigation work,



1714

At the same time, we will improve our ability to deal with emergencies and countermeasures against Twitter, and improve our comprehensive management methods for overseas Twitter.





(1) "Improving the ability to deal with Twitter and situation conflicts"















In order to be able to instantly detect bad situations, illegal propaganda, reactionary public opinions, etc. in network special investigation work, we established a network based on Twitter









Key personnel control the evidence collection platform to instantly grasp target information and dynamics, achieve rapid response and immediate processing, and reduce the harm of public opinion.



















to the lowest. Improve the public opinion management methods for overseas Twitter platforms and effectively improve the ability to deal with situations and emergencies.





(2) “Strengthening countermeasures against Twitter’s propaganda













In order to meet the requirements for evidence collection and countermeasures against overseas Twitter and situations in daily special investigation work, we use Twitter and situations based on





















The construction of the guidance and control system is conducive to the comprehensive management and control of Twitter targets and the comprehensive evidence collection and control of target Twitter.























system. It is conducive to taking the initiative to counterattack, thereby achieving an all-round improvement in countermeasures against overseas Twitter.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
The Twitter and Sentiment Guidance and Control System is a product that integrates countermeasures and sentiment monitoring for Twitter accounts on overseas social platforms.





















It uses exclusive non-sensory forensic technology and big data smart bug technology to realize situational monitoring and countermeasures of Twitter accounts.

3.2 "Product composition
The Twitter and Qingye control systems are pure software systems and adopt B/S architecture. Users only need to log in to the platform through authorized accounts and passwords.





































The station can be used normally. The product composition list is as follows:









1. Platform client software: 1 set

Taiwan authorized login account: 1 set

2.









3. Platform user manual: 1 copy

















2 17114

3.3 "System architecture

Application layer data overview monitoring and countermeasures
Query plug-in, countermeasure plug-in, monitoring plug-in



(Twitter Slow Love

Twi to target

tter and the emotional guidance and control system are based on Duosheng





Guidance and control system system architecture)

Twitter Ping



Taiwan’s security mechanism research and breakthroughs, combined with current network technology





technology, achieved through comprehensive design and research and development. system







modules, data modules and applications





Modules to ensure a complete set





Goods



Cooperate with the query plug-in, countermeasure plug-in and monitoring layer

layer as a
The platform can effectively implement technology and update data in real time.
Control plug-ins implement specific technical applications





Based on the platform, it integrates the Twitter-based control forensic application



Technology









New and data applications;



































Presentation and breakthrough; the application layer is where users actually













Goods

ambassador
3.4 Network architecture



Available for all of Twit









tter provides data overview and integration with the emotional guidance and control system



A series of operations such as evidence collection, monitoring and countermeasures.





























division
Yes Data Overview
Platform will add Twitter forensics
About Wangwangp and love monitoring
Since data overview
Twitter go to ,
Control Forensics Platform [3 Twitter Forensics
Austrian situation monitoring
sex 3
(Twitter public opinion guidance and control system network architecture diagram)
In order to achieve control and evidence collection against target persons related to the Wuwai social platform Twitter, the control platform is generally deployed in an overseas VPS.
In order to achieve comprehensive control and evidence collection functions for overseas targets, the platform is designed using a B/S architecture. Users must obtain authorization from the platform.







































3 /14





In this case, you can log in to the platform anytime and anywhere for daily operations such as data overview, Twitter forensics, and situation monitoring.

4 product features

The Twitter public opinion guidance and control system mainly provides comprehensive functions of information query, account countermeasures, and public opinion monitoring, and can be developed according to needs.















































Open forensic control of the targeted Twitter account.
4.1 Home page
The system supports adding monitoring personnel, adding keywords, adding evidence collection, importing data on the home page interface, and provides import data templates























Download it to facilitate public opinion guidance and situation monitoring on Twitter accounts.

Add monitoring personnel. Add jn’s available Twitter account.



4.2 ”Data Overview
The platform provides a data overview function based on some controlled Twitter accounts. Users can view the platform’s current data on the data overview page.













































The total number of successful evidence collections, the total number of successful imports, the total number of monitoring personnel, view the TOP5 Twitter account group control operations, evidence collection



Link IP click hotspot distribution, latest forensic success list, latest tweets, top 5 number of tweets, etc.

4 7114









4.3 Twitter account forensics



































Obtain the evidence collection link through the platform, stick to the target person, deliver the link, and induce the target to click on the evidence collection link.





























After the click is successful, you can obtain the permissions of the target Twitter account and realize the countermeasures function of the target Twitter account. Through Twitter

















The public opinion guidance and control system obtains the target Twi











er account to post tweets, view private messages, comment on tweets, retweet tweets, click on tweets, etc.













Combined permissions are not required on the target Twi

4.3.1 ” Situation guidance and control
Enter the system, select and emotional guidance control





Tweets by Xing Yu Lun Guang, get the original text







er account for monitoring, the target can be deleted from the platform.















, for the controlled Twitter account, select one or more controlled accounts, enter the required







, select the operations to comment, forward, and like. As shown below:









Wang = Cheng
En FE IEE
ED ma
re                      [|

The second one is spicy.

people

@@:

@@ two

O two-

(Guide and control with emotion)

5 /14





Select the tweet of the target Twitter account, select a comment, enter the content of the comment, and click Comment to comment on the tweet.



















Comment, you can like and retweet the tweet in the same interface.







avoid
To Be Telephone
Yu Zhi, we have arrived and the attack has arrived.
EBD             as
mr country [ER EEC under medical E

aum eyounroftoppy. . 30108 30 but phase

Do -=

yes
[=



2 people

ET                      2

Masahiro Kunimoto







(Tweet comments)







add x

Brush i Success 7. The missing point is the reason for the body and the control of the poem and calendar
Author 1

Can "make peace with words"





Leading the way
tpsihihereom                Dosiatuay1174990105305900161
Honichi 410903 2019-09-20 18:46:07
TI Sma8e7 Taiwan 93439
9             6

(Comment successful)







Goods





At the same time, the system supports adding edited materials when commenting and forwarding target tweets, as follows













XX Niu Cheng





6 /14

4:46 on an island),
Living in Shikoku on WeChat

41 nancy people eee
After reading the material "5 hits", the location is okay

2. But the content is shallow. Samples with more points

?

Second Strike "If possible, I can cooperate with you."

Which one is it, NATO or LA? 4



I'll just nail my hair, can you?

From pure. If the amount is a bit too much. It’s best to send encrypted messages
| Uncle Bao

It is difficult to import private 5 and mobile phones

6
@ @Message Add pictures Temporary files Print schedule All more

I am interested in nato and asked about the price.

Users and those wishing to update weekly will be provided with specified
Account list;

CA call duration 09:10

Can Nato provide the latest samples?

Currently it is not available because we have mentioned it before
The samples provided were from March and April this year. The actual
It's already very new. If it is still recent
If it lasts a few days, it will be more valuable.
Book. If we can share a down payment, I
We can beg for something.

ww

we

Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform
Product white paper
(2020 V1.0 version)
Additional information
Name
gender
username
Birthday
① Select date and time
Account
Attributes
password
Mail
(Supplementary information interface)
Cancel

4.3.3 Business analysis
After successfully registering a ZC case against a gambling-related person, the platform will conduct correlation analysis based on the data information of the target account, and grasp the
target's superior-subordinate relationship network map, the distribution trend of offline registration time, the proportion of bank card case value, the regional distribution of offline users, Various information such as
the proportion of offline user case value are analyzed and displayed.
Offline user case value
unit: yuan



Room value: 20,757,449





(offline user case value)

4.4 Flow management
4.4.1 Pipeline import
Based on real business needs, after users register a ZC case for a specific target, they can extract the target's real bank statements based on the target's bank card information,
and import the statement information into the "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" for comprehensive query and analysis.
water ginseng

Chint parts
Serial number entry record
search
Import time
(Streaming import)

Vshano 1

4.4.2 Running query
According to the user's own needs, specific conditions can be used to filter and query the flow information of a specific target account, so as to
grasp the target's true fund flow.
List
Wu Wen: The following is the real world of Xia recognized by Xia.
Attribute filtering,
once tried,
time will pass
gold limit
Large
Account filter 62284808232069/8410
way right
direction forward
king

Sill row
(running inquiry)
Minzao time
time per night

4.5 Business List
The platform provides a comprehensive business list management function, which allows you to quickly view the status of all registered businesses, and supports
operations such as editing and deleting businesses according to needs.
Nest list
search
Serial number account
case number
Case filing time
Account area
Site Information
Case status remarks
Review information
operate



2019-11-20 16:52:44 Unknown





2019-11-12 10:50:56 Unknown

Violation
(Business List)
eye to eye
The business operation column corresponding to the business list provides the functions of viewing the information of the target involved in the case, viewing the business information of the target involved in the case, viewing the flow of the
target involved in the case, and deleting the business.
View target information involved in the case: Users can query the basic information, bank card number information, telephone information, and online and offline distribution information of
the target persons involved in the case through the target information viewing function.
View the business information of the target involved in the case: By viewing the business information of the target involved in the case, users can query the target case number, the total amount of the
case value involved, and bank card information, etc.
Check the running water of the target involved in the case: The user can check the running water of the target involved in the case. According to your actual business needs,
you can filter and query target flow information, view transaction details, and fund tracking functions.
Delete business: Through the delete business function, users can delete some of the targets that have lost their ZC significance and have been registered.
It facilitates users to manage meaningful business.
4.6 Message Center
Provides message center management functions, mainly providing platform users with message list viewing and feedback list viewing functions. Based on the user's operations
on the platform or requesting the platform to provide immediate feedback and response to the user according to different types, it ensures the stable and reliable operation
of the platform while achieving rapid ZC work on the business.
Message Center
Θ start date 꽃
end date
please choose
Please enter content
search
Unread messages Read messages
Serial number time
Message level information content
(Message Center)
operate
4.7 Log Center
Provides a log center management function. Users can query the operation behavior records in the platform through the log center, so that when problems occur,
they can be traced in a timely manner.
Log Center
start date
end date
Please enter content
Operation log
Feedback list
search
Serial number Username
Operating time
Operation source IP
Operation source IP location
Operation content
send data



local area network





local area network



Bureau network












local area network




local area network



local area network








(Log Center)
4.8 Account Management Center
Provides account management functions. The online user ID is displayed at the top of the platform. Users can view message reminders through the function buttons here.
Change the account password, and log out of the account.


Number of cases that can be filed: 5
change Password
(Account Management)
5 product parameters
Parameter category
Parameter index
Network Architecture
C/S architecture (using SaaS model, you can log in through an authorized account)
query time
Second level response
Supports account name, attributes, password, name, screen name, mobile phone number, mobile phone location, bank card
number, email, login IP, login IP location, address, and superior agent information display
basic information
Analysis of superior and subordinate agents
support
Liquidity analysis
support
Analysis of the amount involved
support
Case filing ZC analysis
support
Integrated business management
support
Message Management Center
Supports viewing message list, user operation log viewing, and feedback information list viewing
6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
The "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" provides comprehensive intelligent management functions for professional gambling-related clue inquiry and gambling-related business
analysis, and is suitable for special business departments to crack down on gambling illegal crimes and various gambling business rectification special activities. The platform adopts the SaaS
model, and users can log in and use it through authorized accounts, fully satisfying users' various application scenarios such as gambling clue inquiry, gambling network organization analysis, gambling
fund analysis, and gambling business research and judgment.
6.2 Deployment method
"Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" often adopts the SaaS model, and users can log in through authorized accounts. Therefore, users do not need to purchase
any hardware such as servers. They only need to provide a computer host that meets the requirements and an available Internet network for deployment. After the user
installs the client access software, he or she can access and use the entire platform. Specific host configuration requirements are as follows:
Configuration Environment
Hardware environment
Any computer model can be used
Environmental parameters
Have at least one USB2.0 or above interface
Recommended dual-core CPU, 4GB running memory, independent graphics card or above configuration
The operating system requires win7 and above.
Software Environment
Browsers that support HTML5, Chrome and Firefox are recommended
Web environment
Install the .Net Framework 4.6 framework
Internet access
7 product advantages
> Data is comprehensive and reliable
The "Falcon Eagle Anti-Gambling Platform" provides comprehensive gambling-related user data, provides law enforcement with a large amount of gambling-related personnel
account data information, and regularly updates the platform data to ensure the accuracy, validity and reliability of the platform's gambling-related data. .
> Fit business scenarios
The platform is designed based on gambling-related business processes. Through the platform, users can discover suspicious accounts, file ZC cases, comprehensive analysis
and traceability, and detect business targets, providing a complete business process and target business processing ideas.
> Platform is stable and reliable
The "Falcon Eagle Anti-Gambling Platform" is designed based on SaaS services. The data updates and maintenance of the platform are all managed and
maintained by professionals to ensure that the entire platform can operate stably 7*24 hours a day and provide users with timely after-sales support services. .
Table of contents
1 Introduction

demand analysis


3
Product Introduction

3.1
Product introduction.
3.2
Product composition.


3.3
System architecture.
3.4
Network architecture.


4
product features

4.1
Overview of gambling-related data

4.2
Check the specific data of gambling personnel..

4.2.1 Check the basic information of gambling users
4.2.2 Check the information of gambling-related users
4.3
Business management.
4.3.1 Business ZC
4.3.2 Supplementary information
4.3.3 Business analysis
4.4
Flow management.







4.4.1 Pipeline import
4.4.2 Running query



Business list...
4.6
Message Center.

4.7
Log Center.

4.8
Account Management Center.

5
product parameters

6
Product Deployment


6.1 Applicable environment.
6.2
Deployment method.

Product advantages

1 Introduction
In recent years, online gambling-related crimes have become a problem derived from the information age. Their activities have become increasingly rampant, their methods have been constantly updated,
and the number of participants has continued to increase. It has had a serious impact on the social and economic order and caused huge losses to the people's property. From a national perspective, online gambling
has become a new type of financial crime. Because it is fast, concealed, easy to use, and has large winnings and losses, it has become the focus of public security agencies to prevent and crack down on crimes such as
telecommunications fraud. According to statistics, the number of people involved in online gambling increases every year, and there is a trend of younger people involved in gambling.
The rise and spread of online gambling crimes have become a focus of attention around the world, causing great social conflicts and hidden dangers. This new form
of crime has brought new challenges to my country's judicial and administrative management. Compared with traditional gambling, online gambling does not have bundles of
cash, but the speed of "cannibalism" has not slowed down at all. It is understood that there are various websites that provide user resources for online gambling. Some
literary forums, software download websites, and film and television sharing websites collude with gambling-related websites to attract gamblers. Online gambling websites often set
up servers in regions that are more open to gambling, such as the Philippines, the United States, and Europe, to evade pursuit. Compared with offline gambling, online gambling
is more concealed and more convenient to operate. Some online gambling can even be packaged legally. At the same time, the virtual chips that players trade make them
less psychologically stressed when placing bets, making it easier for them to become addicted. Statistics show that more than 600 billion yuan of gambling funds flow overseas
due to gambling in China every year. Overseas gambling networks are like "water pumps", draining hundreds of billions of funds from the mainland every year.
To sum up, we must crack down on and punish all types of online gambling crimes, and highlight the organizers, operators, profiteers and behind-the-scenes "protective umbrellas"
of criminal activities, and resolutely cut off the "human chain" of cross-border and cross-regional online gambling crimes. The "capital chain", "technical chain" and
"interest chain" are conducive to effectively maintaining a good social security environment and national economic security.
2 Demand analysis
"Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" is based on the needs of gambling business rectification and crackdown, and based on the development of online gambling crime phenomenon, through sorting and analyzing
Analyze and collect data from major gambling websites to achieve comprehensive information inquiry and research and analysis of gambling-related businesses, and improve gambling business goals
processing capabilities to achieve effective control and crackdown on gambling crimes.
(1) Information inquiry on target gambling personnel
The "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" is built based on the backend data of domestic and foreign gambling websites, and can search for the identity of target gambling personnel according to needs.
Information and identity information include account name, attributes, password, name, screen name, mobile phone number, mobile phone location, email address, login
IP, login IP location, address, superior agent and other information. By checking the identity information of the target gambling personnel, the target QB data is obtained,
thereby improving the user's ability to attack the target gambling personnel.
(2) Gambling business analysis and management
Through the information query of target gambling-related personnel, key targets can be determined, and business ZC can be carried out on gambling-related targets. Master
the target's superior-subordinate relationship network map, offline registration time distribution trend, bank card case value proportion, offline user regional distribution, offline user case
value proportion and other types of information, and support the editing and deletion functions of business to achieve Supplement and improve the target account information, thereby
greatly strengthening the user's ability to analyze and manage gambling-related target businesses.
(3) Analysis of gambling target flow
Based on the basic information query of the target gambling personnel, the target bank card information can be obtained. Through the target bank card number, the target bank
flow information can be retrieved, and the target bank flow information can be imported into the "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" for comprehensive analysis and viewed according to
conditions. Information such as target bank flow direction, amount, time and object, etc., to analyze the target gambling crime QB and combat value.
3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
The "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" is professionally designed for special business departments with the goal of combating online gambling crimes. Provides mining,
analysis, and judgment of online gambling data. Based on the provided data information, special business departments can quickly locate suspected targets based on data characteristics
and detailed information, and conduct business ZC analysis on them, thereby mastering the basic information and bank card information of the target personnel. , superior-subordinate
relationship and other data, and supported by the platform's online gambling data, carry out in-depth online gambling crime ZC tasks to achieve an overall attack and precise
annihilation of online gambling organizations.
3.2 Product composition
"Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" is mainly delivered in the form of software. The main components of its products include:
1. Platform login client software: 1 set
2. Platform login client authorized account: 1
3. Platform login encryption Key: 1
4. Platform user manual: 1 copy
3.3 System architecture
Business Layer
Application layer
System layer
data
query
data
import
Establish a case for investigation
data
management
Analysis and judgment
Account
management
data
storage
data
analysis
(Platform architecture diagram)
The "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" architecture is developed and designed in accordance with business logic. The system layer is the foundation, the application layer is the bridge, and the business
layer is the platform value system. The entire platform adopts C/S architecture, which facilitates users to log in from multiple places and conduct collaborative research and analysis by multiple users.
> System layer: Mainly aimed at the underlying design of data import, data storage and data analysis of massive gambling data.
> Application layer: Mainly based on the work needs of the business department, three functional modules of data query, data management and account management have been
developed to achieve comprehensive management of data and system users.
> Business layer: Mainly combines the business processes and business logic of users during use, and realizes business ZC and analysis and judgment functions
for various types of online gambling investigations through the process guided by the platform.
3.4 Network architecture
Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform

Authorized user 1
Authorized User 2
Authorized User 3
(Network architecture diagram)
In order to meet the needs of users for remote use, the "Falcon Anti-Gambling Platform" is built using the C/S architecture model. Users can correctly install the "Falcon
Anti-Gambling Platform" client program on their office computers, and log in to the platform with a unique account number, password and encryption key. Then they can view
gambling-related data, manage business goals, manage pipelines, and comprehensively integrate data according to their own needs. Management and a series of functional operations.
4 product features
4.1 Overview of gambling-related data
The "Falcon Eagle Anti-Gambling Platform" provides an overall view of anti-gambling data based on users' needs for gambling-related data queries.
The total number of sites, total data and total available data on the platform can be viewed, and the system will review daily data. Update and display. Users can search
for relevant identity information based on their needs. The identity information includes account name, attributes, password, name, screen name, mobile phone
number, mobile phone location, email address, login IP, login IP location, address, superior agent and other information. For suspicious identities, you can click
the operation button to view detailed information and create files.
The dance platform
front page
sea ​​water
133
Site order quantity
1,825,535
total data
1,825,535
delicious data


Number of new sites added today

New data presentation today

Today’s new available numbers are in quantity
Message Center
Identity Information
day 640
Serial number account
Attribute Name
Phone number
Mobile phone number belongs to it
Log in
Login IP address
estimated value
Superior agent site
operate



Guangdong Shenzhen Telecom

13Ryfirhh
user
Tianjin Tianjin title

1978|Central China
2354 times



wangjk68
User Note

Zhejiang Hangzhou Mobile

11324 Guohua 1011.

IN

user

Sichuan Chengdu Mobile
24704th Nishiuchi

jajdpt138
user

Chongqing Luofu Mobile

24301 Southwest China.


wv com eyes
agh2010
Beijing Beijing Mobile
JW709739
Zhejiang Hangzhou Mobile

21 Central detour...
1132China...0596

with

yao74521
user

Liaoning Tieling Liandao

76|Zhongshandong

eye
(Overview of Gambling Data)

4.2 Check the specific data of people involved in gambling
Based on users' needs for information viewing of gambling-related personnel, the platform supports basic information viewing and case-related information viewing functions
for specific target gambling personnel.
4.2.1 Check the basic information of gambling users
You can view the basic information of people involved in gambling, including network name, account, attributes, password, email, login IP, login
IP location, created IP, created IP location, address, confidential questions + answers, superior agent ID, site, Import time and other information.
User Info
Additional information
File a case
Account
Attributes
password
Mail
site
zgh2016
user
Name: Zhang
Login IP
Login IP address
4ce4779aac9141b37e... 13
@qq.com
Create IP
Create an IP address
IN
with
Superior agent ID
Gender: unknown

|215 Beijing, North China!... 22
51 255|China|North China|Hebei Province...

.... Total number of bank cards

Amount transferred (amount involved)
766,020 yuan
Amount transferred out (amount involved)
Total number of mobile phone numbers
1,361,746 yuan

(View basic information)
4.2.2 Check the information of gambling-related users
You can view core business information such as the number of bank cards owned by specific gambling personnel, the total amount involved, and the total number of mobile phone numbers.
bank card
search
Serial number Account ID Agent ID
type
Account name
Account opening bank address
Bank card number
time


bank card

site





bank card
Beijing Beijing North Korea......






Page 1/Previous 1 page, total 2 data
Contact information
type
Number
cell phone

Pop
information
Beijing Beijing Mobile
(View information involved in the case)
4.3 Business management
The platform provides business management functions based on the real business needs of users. Users can initiate projects for specific gambling-related targets according to
their own needs. At the same time, the identity information of the targets can be supplemented based on the information the users have.
4.3.1 Business ZC
Provides business management functions. When business personnel discover suspicious gambling-related user information, they can perform business ZC operations on specific
users. Users can complete the filing of the corresponding gambling-related user by uploading the certificate according to the platform requirements and filling in the corresponding remark
information as required. ZC.
User Info
Name: Zhang
Gender: unknown

bank card
File a case
Account
Additional information about marriage
Mail
site



upload certificate
Login IP
Create an IP address
Superior agent ID

255|China|North China Hebei Province|...

Total number of bank cards
Add notes
Add notes
Amount of less cases)
Total number of mobile phone numbers

Yuan

submit
Cancel
search
(File ZC)
After the case is successfully filed, the platform will review it based on the credentials and remark information submitted by the user. After the review is successful, information feedback will be
provided to display the case filing user ID, project status and other information.

Case status: Accepted Date of filing:
E complement information network
Case successfully filed
Account
Postal service
Void: male
Create IP
Create an IP address
address
Confidential Questions + Answers
Superior model ID
site
Import time
Screen name: Feng
+P: 1970-07-01 C...



(The case was filed successfully)
4.3.2 Supplementary information
After the gambling-related account is successfully filed, the business department can file and analyze the case based on the basic information provided by the platform, query the target person's bank
statement information based on the bank account, query the target person's real name and other identity information based on the phone number, and can query the target person's real name and other identity information
based on the bank account. The query results supplement and improve the information on the registered account.
There are Okukawa and Kawakawa ground 2
Complete
enter

Asan egm pieces 2w twice a week
Asan egm piece 2w twice a week (file)

Indonesian wj 2w about ten once a week (box)
Malay wj 1.5w once a week five boxes

Philippines wj 1w once a week separate pc file

More

temple
sex
Specialize
hour
establish
manage

| Recruited Kazuto

Or is it possible to call it down and charge a fee?

bureau
| My opinion is to order dishes per head, see
How much can you give and how can you give it?
| If you give a lot, ask more people to do it. If you give less, ask a few people to do it.
Slightly
How long is the estimated time?

| This is really unpredictable. After all, this is a new team.

| How much is the budget there? How much is the upfront payment?
@Message "Add Picture" White File Huijian Changcheng Imitation Machine

yes

| British diplomacy is booked by other bureaus

| Get another one

Don't mess with me
First come, first served, right?

@ Canceled Click to redial
|In Jizhuo

| I’ll call you later



Email analysis and decision-making platform





Product white paper

(2022 V1.0 version)









User backend interface)



4.3.1 "Data source list



The data source list is mainly used to add, manage and delete data sources.



Import the data into the system for analysis.

And various data sources can be combined in any combination





four es pm gang
1        4               2018.06.19             3
Sun | |emm 018nF-12
Zeng 1806m9
and 5 mesh nsob 20
Next 5 books 2018.0621
of 1/game 2 pages of 7
list of human sources)

-| Pieces|
Certificate 2
Huai guides half his life to the beginning
Ji ET
Already on
Bay SA, Yisi to except
The second middle room is the most

The data source group list is used to group and classify the imported data sources to facilitate the unification of the same type or related data sources.



One note, unified analysis, unified query, and unified management.



"On 1 sa there is
1           2                      2
虽 = ET oz
Day 1 book 1 this
(data source group list)

4.3.2 "Sensitive word settings



The system supports setting the created knowledge base as sensitive words when the analysis system performs data analysis.

row display.

Tv

Chang Xu

5 sex sam
1 ESX full ten ER
Second game 7
2 machine 4
Ju 1 District/Chang 1 Husband 32a Ben
(sensitive word settings)

two six||

Available
of two









Automatically identify sensitive words and perform





es: station
[3

Full RE

and 天

and days

8 /15

4.3.3 "Create knowledge base
The system supports self-built knowledge bases, such as the establishment of knowledge bases for sensitive names, sensitive words, etc. Knowledge base creation



The knowledge base can then be set up



talent























Perform call analysis for sensitive words.







(create knowledge base)

4.3.4 “Analysis settings
Analysis settings are mainly for managing sensitive phrases. Different sensitive words can be set on and off, and can be turned on or off as needed.





The user can close search page keywords and comprehensive page sensitive words.



five 2
2 EC > 2 5

1 2 2 ram ram

5 hit hit male [=

Day 1 has been blamed for this zs
(Analysis settings)

4.3.5 "Data snapshot
The background management function of data snapshots is mainly for downloading and deleting management of executed data snapshots.







9 /15



Pi El as 2
, WE 2 patterns
. Ho 201s0z1810a61 each
Want 1 in/number 1 its ES
(Human data snapshot)



4.3.6 "Create label classification
Tag classification mainly involves the unified management and distribution of corresponding tag names, and divides the ownership of a certain type of tags into





The same category facilitates analysis, management and query.

Scanning room [mm
Ji Lizao each other people 0 questions he notes weaving
1 IS etam 2010P12auatna ee
ts                     |                           2018 08 13 1741650                                 1TT1T                            [

(Key tag classification)

















Users can add tag names as needed, and support functions such as tag name classification and adding notes.



book je book [possible|
[ ia Hg station people [ “ We
1 ER Ben people Selenium 4
1
(create tag name)











Supports character creation based on the acquired target person information, email information and other data. The created character attributes mainly include name,





















Age, gender, nationality, region, certificate type, certificate number, creator, creation time, remarks, etc. Created characters can be















Line editing and deletion.

5 2 quote[hundred

Yucheng multiple ages, test "four special areas and cities, certificate type certificate number creator | Mingji cancer name note bath work
1 | Jing 4 memory | present | person 7 sex
z 3 IS latom | ziroszlacocon 9
aa such as | dawn | with Pei6acon 2017082lococ00
mnaaey number | dawn | Rong bacom 2017OE2I SG 5 5
, ua has 3 Xi | Liu | Se nc 1 5
"Gate 3 lead 4 lead>

(create character)

10 /15

4.3.7 “User Management
Management management functions are mainly related to the system

















Limit settings, binding keys and other functions.



2017-00.21103257















Created in



















To manage and operate, including

:|

| Off Can









4.3.8 "Comprehensive statistics



Comprehensive statistics are mainly used to collect all email data in the system.





District statistics, attachment statistics and other comprehensive information data.







account management)



2. Password modification, right

Comprehensive statistical analysis, grasp the size of email data, language statistics,

This ax This quotation



Language proportion
Volume | Book 3
(General Statistics 1)

11 /15

The Internet dominates this and disguises this
Add mm to this scr

It's me
ms add
four four at
week
people
aa aa aa
Can

Presented two oo CE

(General Statistics 2)

4.3.9 "Email collection
"E-mail analysis intelligence decision-making system" provides automatic e-mail























Automatic collection function, just configure the target email account according to the requirements













Server IP address, password/security code and other information, the system can realize
create























Automatically collect emails from the marked email account.



Email account: | |
server:                                                                             ]



(email collection)
4.4 Email browsing
Mail browsing function 3



If you want to realize the analysis and judgment function of original email data and support single-player mode or collaborative mode, you can achieve
In-depth analysis and collaboration of emails, all types of email data can be marked and prepared for dust





, to facilitate further follow-up analysis.







Mainly supports the creation of data sources, data sources, intelligent statistics and tools







Big module.



12 /15

4 four, marked W, country D, delivered, heavy 4 processing: 0 | Chezhi's BO 30 Shi Yijiang> Station












of

Yes05.09051526

2018.05.09051526

Turning Gans29

oaa509 oa0122

0

But discount 09029733

swallow god let

回 。 KohLe Amniquared Departmentstore -orYourfavante s 。 Eeeaaeep monS4787Grhisjhladiryiv0dis8 07200
|

回 。 swieand Summer Acadeny + 3 Month CS-Researdh pr-     Taipeirattutecrr

Go back. swibmrand Summer Academy + 3 Mon by ChS-Racoarch Peer

回 redEp socmt woRkina HuMaNs ptpicartp TovY cn

Hiiadrunghaveyou veiiedyourdomainy            so

回 。 pucArgo shocked woRkNe HuMaNs pEpicarEp TY me

回。 air moreecalabomahve RFp praceez with quanefiably ben- afpotnrwacnm

回 seminar in mproving purcvasing Negotiation skill 二 mallcom 201e.05.00005505



(Mail browsing interface)

4.4.1 "Create data source

The email browsing function supports the direct creation of data sources and the direct import of relevant email data into the system.



Data source name:

Four
Wave

type of data

hour

Storage location: Dijang

Remark:

(create data source)

4.4.2 "Data source

The data source function is to view and annotate original email data, attachment data and other information from various data sources.

analysis operation.







But the home country’s response is



At







Process aliquots

13 /15



Book -=ssa samPoma exeasm Eapmaa
2



|Test



Melophemeal am meng Umagammmro cc dkaues vth
na orTlemme TDkenoDSI2



Wu data source analysis)
4.4.3 "Intelligent statistics
Intelligent statistics is to conduct intelligent statistical analysis on the selected data source data, and master the file type, nickname, location under the data source.
Raw data such as address, time, mark, etc. and various statistical results such as post-analysis data.





File type: File type statistics include comprehensive statistics of emails, tables, documents, pictures, compressed files, and unidentified types.







Nickname: It is the nickname status of each email account in the data source for statistics.



Address: Statistics on the sending email account and receiving email account in the data source.

















Time: Automatically count the number of emails sent by the email data source under specific dates and time periods for each month and year.



















Marks: Mark statistics for manual email analysis, such as processed, unprocessed, unprocessed, noted, etc.







Various tag information.
4.4.4 “Tools
The tool module mainly provides two functions: retrieval of email IDs for nicknames and retrieval of nicknames by email ID, which is convenient for users to search based on nicknames.



































Display emails and query target nicknames based on emails.







Four













14 /15

Draw
old
new
number
habit
deep
add

ET]

Add |





[with interface)



























two

Category Parameters

Architecture C/S architecture

Email import format eml format

100,000 emails/station
(Under the condition of 1 server with standard parameter configuration)

Query response time Second level response
Email relationship analysis support
Conditional filtering settings supported
Single target comparison analysis support
Snapshot function supported
Comprehensive statistics support
Cluster analysis support





6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
"Email Analysis Intelligence Decision Platform" is a professional email data processing and analysis platform, suitable for users to analyze massive amounts of email data.











































Structured processing and analysis, rapid analysis and judgment and collaborative analysis of business scenarios, and also suitable for users to create their own massive mail































by
That

The application scenario of the email intelligence database can comprehensively improve the analysis efficiency and judgment of email data by business personnel.

6.2 Deployment method
"Email analysis intelligence decision-making platform* provides two application forms: public cloud and private cloud.

























let

This depends on the different forms of purchases by users.















Take different deployment methods.
> "Public cloud deployment method of email analysis intelligence decision-making platform

















The "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision Platform" public cloud provides users with authorized accounts for login use, so users do not have to



















































You need to purchase a server, and you only need to provide a computer that meets the requirements and an available Internet network to access and use the platform.







> "Private cloud deployment method of email analysis intelligence decision-making platform

























"Email Analysis Intelligence Decision Platform" private cloud users need to deploy it locally to use it. Deploy the platform software on









With a server that meets the standards, you can log in to the platform through a browser to import, analyze and judge email data. Complete platform deployment























The environmental requirements are as follows:
System parameters

Operating system Windows/Linux operating system

CPU CPU: 16 cores, main frequency >2.2GHz
Server performance

Memory 8G

Hard drive capacity 2T

The cluster function is maintained, and the performance increases linearly after adopting the cluster mode.

















16 /15

7” Product Advantages

> "High accuracy





The system uses big data architecture and intelligent text recognition technology to achieve rapid analysis, accurate extraction, and rapid comparison of massive emails.







> "Powerful







The system supports various relationship analysis and value information extraction of target emails, including but not limited to email exchange information and geographical location.









Information, communication information, event information, etc.
> "High Availability











Graphical interface operation, easy to use, good ease of use.













The system is stable and reliable, supporting 7*24 hours of uninterrupted operation.

















district



17 /15



3.3 System architecture

3.4. Network Architecture.…….
4.1 Global search...





4.2.1 தியுத்து பிட்டு பாட்டு .eesnsnssnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn





4.2.2 Single









Standard comparison analysis .ssens

4.2.3 "Data snapshot 7









4.3 Account backend









4.3.1 Data source list

4.3.2 "Sensitive word settings

4.3.3 "Chuangxun"



knowledge base



4.3.4 analytic setup



















4.3.5 ” data data .
4.3.6 "Create label classification .es 0
4.3.7 Using .11
1
4.3.9 "Email collection es 2
4.4 Email browsing... 2
4.4.1 "Create data source es 3
4.4.2 "Data source .es 3

4.4.3 “Intelligent statistics 4





















1 Introduction

























Email is a communication method that provides information exchange by electronic means. It is an Internet application







































The widest range of services. via network

Email system, users can use it at a very low price (no matter where they are sent, they only need to pay the network fee) and very quickly.









(can be sent to any designated destination in the world within a few minutes), with any









Contact Internet users from every corner.



















With the rapid development of Internet technology, people send emails through the Internet, making communication easier and faster.

















Various offenses



civil





Emails are involved in the dispute.

Email has also become one of the indispensable and important communication methods in modern society with its new, fast and economical characteristics. at the same time,























































Elements have also begun to widely use emails to engage in various illegal and criminal activities. They have been used in many computer crime cases as well as commercial and criminal activities.











E-mail contains a wealth of useful information, which is one of the important contents for computer analysis and evidence collection. It can provide valuable information for case investigation.

Provides powerful clues. In order to improve efficiency, people often use various email clients such as Foxmail, Outlook

Express

Data files are also one of the important means of computer analysis and evidence collection. Massive email data obtained from

















, Microsoft Office Outlook, etc.) to process emails. Therefore, analyzing various













8 Number of emails saved by the client

Extract incoming and outgoing emails of interest

Information such as the person's email address, sender's and receiver's name, sending time, subject, email body content and attachments are collected and collected statistically.

Sender by









Separate addresses, and use visualization, interpersonal network analysis and other technologies to draw the time relationship diagram of emails and interpersonal network relationships.









It provides a good reference basis for analyzing and discovering the hidden relationship between the recipient and the sender.

2 "Needs Analysis

The construction of an "email analysis intelligence decision-making system" based on massive email data should be able to fully satisfy all aspects of email data.











,from

Four













Intelligent analysis, mining email person personal information, email person relationship network, email

Systematic search



It is designed to import, analyze and judge massive email data.

(1) "Email data retrieval function



Attribute 1P,









pg file attachment extraction, etc. through this

1715

In order to ensure that key information can be quickly queried in massive email data, key evidence can be locked, and research and judgment efficiency can be improved, "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision



















The construction of "policy system" should be able to achieve rapid analysis and second-level retrieval of terabyte-level email data. Users can use keywords, that is,











Quick search and query of related emails can be realized.
)"Email target analysis function
In order to ensure that a single individual's email can be analyzed in a massive amount of emails, the relevant information of the individual is highlighted. Department of Analytical Intelligence and Decision Making

































The construction of the system should be able to meet the comprehensive analysis function of a single target email, and can realize the semantic habits and relationship network of the target email.







Analyze and display comprehensive data such as network and personal information.
5) "Email analysis collaboration function









In order to establish email correspondence between groups or organizations, record the activities of the target group or organization in an organization chart. Email analysis























The construction of "Intelligence Decision-making System" should be able to realize collaborative analysis by multiple people. The system can realize various types of marking, notes and other functions for different emails.



and group management to facilitate internal collaborative analysis.
(4) "Email data management function
In order to manage massive email data more effectively... The construction of "email analysis and intelligence system" should be able to realize the analysis of emails



The comprehensive data management function provides real-time control of the total amount of system email data, email language types, etc., ensuring that the system can operate reliably and stably.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction

The "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" is developed and designed based on text recognition big data technology, supporting rapid identification of massive email data.
Analyze and extract intelligence information such as keywords, sensitive words, person relationships, contact information, etc.

3.2 "Product composition

The "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" supports two forms: private cloud and public cloud. The private cloud means that the user builds a complete set of local





















































It is an independent platform; the public cloud adopts the SaaS model, using |









You can log in using the authorized account.









The product composition list of "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" (Private Cloud) is mainly as follows:
1. Platform server deployment software: 1 set



2 /115





2. Platform client login software: 1 set



3. Platform authorized login account: 1











4Platform User Manual: 1 copy













The product composition list of "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" (Public Cloud) is mainly as follows:







1. Platform client login software: 1 set



2. Platform authorized login account: 1
3 platform authorized login dongle: 1











4. Platform user manual: 1 copy
3.3 "System architecture

Person 3: Relationship Map | [4 Collaboration] [Zone Reference Person Relationship























[Analysis Model] | People Deep Learning | L Text Recognition ]

Distributed hybrid storage engine relational analysis

WangWangMeiShan Data Storage ‖ Data Cleaning, Data Deduplication, Data Management
Cabinet Wangs Gmaivoutlool enterprise mail service and other email data

("Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" Architecture Medical



Apply support layer





























The "email analysis intelligence decision-making system" is designed and developed around the data layer, data processing layer, application support layer and application layer.































The system supports the import of various data sources, and all email data in ".eml" format can be imported into the system for analysis and calculation; data











The data processing layer analyzes, processes and intelligently extracts various types of imported email data to achieve cleaning, deduplication and storage of email data.















and management functions; the application support layer performs comprehensive and in-depth analysis and processing of the cleaned data, combining built-in analysis models and deep





book







3 /15



learning algorithm to implement

The mined structured data and unstructured data are stored in a distributed manner to achieve rapid data adjustment.



















System 3 via the web interface



Platform UI,

reason







A series of functions such as search, analysis, research and judgment.
3.4 Network architecture

[1

Email analysis intelligence
traffic policy system











Extract and classify various types of data in g-file text and emails, and mine emails

various relationship networks, and will
and query; the application layer will











Full Border/Gatekeeper





















Log in to the system to achieve comprehensive research and analysis of email data, and search

|



Application site 2





























Application site 1 Application site m
Application site 1. . Application site 3. Application site 3. application sitem
(Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" network architecture diagram)
The "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" is designed using a B/S architecture to facilitate users to log in and use it at any time. To protect



Security of retrieved email data,”

















The 8-piece analytical intelligence decision-making system is deployed in principle







Intranet, try to communicate with external network













Isolate, if there is external network access and use



demand, wind
make















need.





Shoot to the external network to achieve external network access and

4 product features



It can be accessed through the security gateway or Net6.com |



"Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" provides comprehensive

Office search, email browsing,









Intranet"



gware analysis intelligence decision-making system”

















backstage and

There are four functional modules in the workbench.









47115

4.1 Global search



Enter the "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision-making System" and enter key words in the search box based on the corresponding data source group to conduct global analysis.

Quickly retrieve and query email data.

Email analysis

Professional leadership





(Search interface)



le |medical book|

ten days. 5 divisions. Quantity E A. Spilled and Zhou 5HEX put 312 and

aomalcom
Book                                                                 _
say 0

IS 7

meonailcon             201202.23

Fe                                           3

Escscoo book ja two
Dapu 3 has passed | Fraudulent "The Emperor's Direct Embrace: The Evil Life Seizes the People's Seal" and Half a Book

5

certificate

sancom In
Into 34 Wangsheng 27RRTEH and
5

4

(Search Results)

4.2 Workbench









The retrieved target email data can be added to the workbench for further analysis and judgment. Provide conditional filtering facilities







It has three major functions: standard comparison analysis and data snapshot.

CR









,one













5 /15





=

@-_































ncheuhbetnet off 5



















































































































































(Workbench main interface)
4.2.1 Conditional filtering settings
Conditional filtering settings mainly include four function points: relationship calculation, filtering settings, relationship creation, and recovery and deletion. Each function point has
The main functions are as follows:

1T) Relationship calculation: Mainly set parameters such as target type, relationship type, target list, relationship dimensions, maximum number of points, etc.
Optimize to display and present the target network that meets the expectations.

2) Filtering settings: You can filter the generated relationship network to filter out unnecessary relationship types and targets in the relationship network.

3) Create a relationship: Based on the target contact information that has been mastered, create a relationship to communicate with the entire system.
Perform correlation analysis on quantitative data.

Wen "Restore deletion: Unnecessary points can be deleted in the generated relationship network, and deleted relationship points are also supported.
Get back into relationships.

4.2.2 "Single target comparison analysis

The system will analyze the target’s identity information, relationship map, sensitive words, activity records, suspected accounts and other information.

Perform comparative analysis to support resident



into a report document for printing and analysis.

6 /15

Comparative analysis of Honghe







Book
Book
1 again] Teibanet District
1 Tianjian: Gong Er Er 6063156 Wang 2017oi-1231803 1 Guangqin: Er Er Le 70136 Move to Ba 03 13035642
Zhu Ming's character was lowered, and Bureau Fu was defeated. Zheng Bo's group only wiped out the enemy in 1999. The 5-way Lianzhou Yu area and Huoxu area were cultivated in the BE camp village with the name of "Zhong Ming". Tanwei. Nian flutter. Contact Information Tours and Areas Fangkuang District
Xun Gu ad La82 | 3 sa
Full 8 2 ee il
0qmoicom 7017-Di-I pa1R08Wenjian next 4 and 5
it's 1

50%                                      | 44%      sr         。

Have a taste, go to the party
second signal

2

(Single target comparison analysis)
4.2.3 "Data snapshot

Data snapshot function











If it's going on





When analyzing the target relationship, intercept the relationship network





to save for further decision-making later.





policy analysis function. For clicked data |

4.3 User background

Account backend function



The relationship network of block photos can be viewed in real time in the data snapshot toolbar.





View and review.





















If the entire "Email Analysis Intelligence Decision System" data is

Original group list, sensitive words, create knowledge base, analysis settings, data snapshot, create label classification, create label



Centralized management and maintenance mainly involves data

























Account management, comprehensive statistics,



Twelve major functions of p-ware collection.



ED



77/15

